Princess is great if you're in the area and are looking for a quick, really cheap middle-eastern bite. It's a small grocery store with a small counter in the back where you can order snacks, pita sandwiches and cheese and olives. It's also a great place to go for spices, teas and other middle eastern cooking supplies.
I come for the Al-Wazah tea, which my Saudi friend always used to make. Also, for lunch (it's not too far from my work) I like getting a mix of grape leaves, falafel and hummus. Their hummus is OK but the baba ganoush is actually pretty good. 
They have a lunch buffet, too, but I haven't been adventurous enough to try it, especially since I'm a vegetarian and most of the food seems meaty... 
The place is also stocked with hookahs and other things, like calling cards and Quran-alarm clocks.
I like the idea of all-you-can-eat hummus so much, that Princess earned almost all its stars for that. The lunch buffet consists of this, about Pita Jungle quality-hummus, which most seem to dig unquestioningly, plus a bunch of meat, a delicious chopped salad and rice and soup. I was a vegan at the time I visited, and had no problem stuffing my face with loads of hummus and rice on naan, with a bit of Sriracha hot sauce and loads of the pre-dressed salad. I think the meat is usually lamb (perhaps chicken, as well). Both times I've gone, my companions have been disappointed in this meat. One said it was too dry, the other that it lacked the proper seasoning (my dad's big on seasonings). I'd believe it, but I'd still go back.
This is an interesting little Mediterranean restaurants / market. The decor is very simple. The market takes up about 2/3rds of the space the remainder for the restaurant. It is rarely very busy so getting a table at lunch is easy. I used to get the Chicken Shawarma but since the buffet was put in I just stick with that. All the meats are halal if that is important to you. 

The lunch buffet on Friday and Saturdays is a must, the chicken has some kind of spice that just rocks. I always eat way to much of the chicken. Everyone I have brought here just raves about it.  The buffet is simple with hummus, chopped salad, lamb (I don't eat lamb), chicken, rice, and a couple of other dishes that get rotated. They will also bring hot pita bread upon request. 

The only down comment is that the service is kind of slow with drink refills. On numerous occasions I have had to get up and go to the counter to get a refill of water. No fresh brewed iced tea, booo! There is always one guy (the same guy) waiting tables. The food makes up for this.
Princess here is what the name suggests, & then over on the right side is a restaurant area with a few booths and tables.  I'm not a fan of TVs in a restaurant, but the large-screen one on the wall here had PBS tuned into a nature show, not blaring loud, & seemed to actually ADD something to the whole scene.

Now you can buy food at the deli counter & eat it here, or there's a regular menu & table service if you like... but if you come at the right time on a Friday or Saturday, they have a special treat for you...

A BUFFET!!  :-))   :-))

The buffet makes a complete appearance by about 1 PM on Fridays & Saturdays only, mostly within about 12 unmarked trays in homely serving tables which match the homely restaurant.  The only furnishing in the whole place that's "nice" is the TV, but wait 'til you taste the food!

When you settle in here, a friendly server brings you your water or soft drink, & some nice warm pita bread.  The serving area was not quite ready to go yet when I arrived, & I was also offered a lamb shank to hold me over, which I accepted, & it showed up soon.  MMMMMM!  This place was approaching 5-Stars before they even had all the food out!

Today there was also split-pea (?) soup, pre-tossed salad, several other cold treats, rigatoni with meaty marinara sauce, amazingly good flame-broiled chicken breasts, & a bunch of other things that I can't name, but everything was just TERRIFIC, & the service was just right, too.

Lunch Buffet:  $9.99 including drink.  This place is something special!
This is not a "cute" and eclectic grocery store the trendy crowd will venture to. It's a very unassuming nuts and bolts Middle Eastern grocery store. This is certainly not a date place. This place is simply for those who want the best falafel in the city. I've been searching all over the valley for an authentic falafel with the green batter. There were two people who ran the store and they barely spoke a word. Despite being quiet, they were polite and friendly. There was plenty of room to sit with many tables. I would not recommend this place for those who are not familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine as this is not really a "date" place. However, if you are someone like me and are sick of the faux Middle Eastern/Greek clones and desire the real thing that you would find in a place like Michigan or New York, go here!
Falafel.  Often mispronounced, misunderstood and mocked.  Why is it so hard to find good falafel in these parts?  Who knows?  We are after all, living in a desert.  Princess Market knows how to do falafel just right.  Not too dark.  Inside still moist.  Perfect balance of seasoning.  Dollop of hummus, lettuce, tomato. And don't get me started on those special little pickles.  I didn't even know until a couple of years ago that they were supposed to even be there!  Lovely.  So run, do not walk, to Princess Market for all the middle eastern treats you crave.  Whether it's stocked on their shelves or served up in the cafe, you will not be disappointed.  And by all means, don't forget your smoked herring from good old Brooklyn, NY.  Bonus!
This is a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant. Its part of a market/grocery store as everyone else has already noted. Its a little hidden, and I think that hurts this place a little bit.

Anyways, the food is VERY good. The chicken shawarma is probably some of the best I have ever had. Hummus, yellow rice, and couscous also go very well with the food. There is the garlic-butter sauce that comes with the shawarma and kabobs, and that REALLY makes the food that much better. Gyro plate is also very commendable, but its hard to get this wrong since the gyro comes on a huge slab and rotates on a rotisserie. Yet, a lot of places do get the gyro plate wrong. I think this place does a good job of heating up the gyro meat on the rotisserie and then the grill.

Baklava also deserves a mention. Its damn good. You can get some exotic mediterranean stuff like olives and feta cheese by the pound, i love that stuff.

The pricing of this place along with the good quality food makes this place a hidden gem. Its like $8 for almost any plate you'd want. Its plenty of food per plate, and for under $20 for 2 people, its worth a visit. Its very easy to compare this stuff to haji baba, its a tough pick. However, I think the hummus here tastes much better, it doesn't taste like its straight out of a can. The plates here I think are a better deal. If you just want a gyro sandwich, then go to haji baba.
Great Tasting Gyro! And nice family owned place. They have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu. Try there Bbq chicken too. Great food for catering a party, which I have done multiple times. I also love the variety of sweets that are offered. simply a great place to try out, u always have a chance to post ur own reviews, so why not try it out urself.
The buffet was really delicious, lots of different tasty meats.  The guava juice and baklava were also delicious.  A good meal at a good price.

For the buffet, make sure you get there early since it gets busy quick!
When I was attending the Conservatory of Recording Arts at the Tempe campus I would often run next door to Princess during a break to grab a sandwich. These people rock. Super friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. Highly recommended!! The chicken kabob sandwich is my personal favorite.
I had chicken shawarma I got sick to my stomach when I came back to work ( it was a lunch break with a folk). I'm not sure if it's their food? Or maybe this happens when you try a different cuisine for the first time. But I'm coming back I just dont like the atmosphere inside.
I read one of the reviews below, and I would have to agree with the getting sick to the stomach part. It was not fun, thus, the 3 stars. But then again maybe it has something to do with trying out a different cuisine? Me and my buddy at work would come here at least once a week for lunch for the past couple of months now and I got sick to my stomach maybe twice or three times....But because the food is good, I blame that to being adventurous on foods....

Anyway, I had chicken shawarma sandwich it was only $3.99 and I would say a really great value. To me it's better than the beef shawarma. It always tastes goooood. I often have it with garlic paste. Leaves your mouth pungent tasting and dry but  just chew gum when you go back to work or eat fruits.
I dig this place.  I have been here SO many times for falafel.  The employees are really friendly (sometimes flirty lol) and the food is so filling!  Great prices and great food.  They even sell henna here!  They regularly cater meetings/events at my school.  This was actually the first restaurant I frequented in the Tempe area.  Their yellow rice, hummus and guava juice are mmm mmm good!
I feel that the reviews on here are overrated. "Best falafel in town" my *ss! 

First, let's talk food. I'm not new to Mediterranean food. However, this was my first attempt at eating falafel. Here it's horrible. Tasteless even with the sauce. Burnt on the edges. I have since had falafel elsewhere convinced it was good because I understand the Greeks and Hebrews eat it like popcorn and I have found places with great falafel, just not here as the other rave reviews would suggest. BUT they have great Adas soup. It was really spicy in a good way and nice and creamy. So I can't explain the falafel failure. Overpriced for what you get. I had to eat off my husband's plate to get full. They do bring OK pita bread out to you. 

As far as atmosphere goes, it's lacking a bit. This place is (as somebody wrote) 2/3 market, 1/3 restaurant. They have a sign in the window that says "Allah" and "Mohammed", which I don't think is a good idea. There is definitely NOT outdoor seating as the stats indicate. The tables are the cheap fold-up kind and so are the chairs. The tables are chipped. The waiters serve in a timely manner but don't smile like they would at a chain. They do have a big screen TV that was playing a soccer game but at least the volume was low. 

I can't recommend this place for a date or for families. It's just mediocre.
How did I not know this place was here?  It reminded me quite a bit of Haji Baba's and I still prefer Haji Baba's.  However, the service was wonderful and the food was good.  My kids ordered a second plate of stuffed grape leaves they liked them so much!
This review is, of course, for Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli's BUFFET!     :-))

Shame on me for not having been back to this great place for over two years!  Anyhow, today I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup, a very tender, very delicious lamb shank, & then went on to everything else.  Now they don't label the food here, & it does vary from week to week, so just come & take some of everything & totally enjoy it!  Some of the items I DID recognize were flat bread, great Hummus to put on it, super good flame broiled chicken, & salad.  Whatever the rest of it was, it was all just terrific, & raises this unassuming place right up close to the top compared to every Buffet in the Valley!

This lunch is currently presented for your amazement & delight on Fridays only, from 12 Noon.  The dining room has booths & tables, seats around 50, the staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, it's $9.99, & YOU WANT THIS!!     :-))
Buffet only on Friday!! And today is Wednesday :*(

I went based on other yelp reviews, and it was pretty good.

Not gourmet or anything, and it is a grocery store, but I tend to like this sort of thing and feel more at home, like you're at someone's house at the table in the kitchen.

I got the gyro plate with a few salads on the side.  It's reasonably priced and they serve it with warm pita bread.

Next time I will ask for more salads and less meat (just my personal preference), but everything was tasty. And the tsatziki sauce was yum yum yum.

I'll come back on Friday and check out the buffet.  (Only 12-4!)
Love the princess market! The food is good in the restaurant but I mostly go for the market. Very cheap food! Their prices are amazing and they sell halal meat.
= = = = = =  FRIDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

It's going on a year since I did an Update for this one, so I just wanted to say that yes, they still have the Friday Lunch Buffet, & yes IT'S STILL TERRIFIC!  

Robyn N. joined me here today & I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup & some pita bread with hummus.  Before long, Princess Supercute with her tight little, uh, headscarf brought us each a lamb shank...  very tasty, tender & delicious...  the lamb shank, that is!     :-)

Ok, so soon it was on to Mediterranian style salad, other cold treats including an eggplant dish, & then over to the hot dishes of beef, chicken & lamb (maybe) meatballs.  It's their tradition here to NOT label the food trays, but never mind that because it's all really, really good, & several of the items that were out today will be different when you come anyway.

They DO offer a regular menu here, but come for this great Buffet, served Fridays only from noon, if you can.  The simple dining room area has booths & tables, seats around 50, & is completely comfortable.  The staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, & it's $9.99.

THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE BUFFETS IN THE VALLEY!     :-))
This is the spot! It's become difficult to drive down the 101 without stopping off for a quick gyro and hummus to go! Everything tastes so fresh and is made with the kind of authentic home-cooked middle eastern taste that I've learned to expect. The "main guy" running the shop isn't much of a talker but his honesty is refreshing. And as long as the food keeps tasting amazing at the price remains so reasonable, I'm a patron for life. OOooo and don't forget to try the freshly made baklava! I took a tray into my office last week because I was so excited to share my newfound discovery.
Best Middle Eastern take-out around.  Great quality, fast and affordable. We've not tasted any hummus or baba ganouj better than theirs in the East Valley. Abdul and his staff are very friendly.  We've been getting their take-out for so long, my teenagers think that gyros are called "Princess Pitas."  We've not had a chance to eat in but we see neighbors and friends enjoying the restaurant occasionally.  There's a nice little market, too.
I tried the Friday buffet here with fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, and Robyn. There are just a little over a dozen items but all were really good, and the grilled chicken deserves special mention - it was fantastic, like no other grilled chicken I've tried anywhere else. The other items were mostly standard dishes found in other Mediterranean restaurants, but prepared very well here. Also, each person who partakes of the buffet is served a tender, very nicely seasoned lamb shank - that alone would already justify the price of the whole buffet!  In all it was a really delicious meal, and a really great deal at 10 bucks.
I came here first as a business venture to repair a computer, and was invited back to try the food by the owner's brother. I am SO glad I came back. The Gyro sandwich was the best one I've ever had; it was delicious, and not greasy, nor was it dry. It was just perfect. And the hummus, which is home made, was fantastic. Beats the pants off what I got for twice the cost at Pita Jungle. The baklava? The walnut was good, but the pistachio was divine! 

The prices here are amazing, and the service is excellent. Sadi, the gentleman that invited me back, is a great representation of what excellent customer service is about. He's made me feel like more than just a customer; he made me feel like family here. The store is undergoing some changes (it's been here for over 10 years!) but Sadi is marketing the business out and the food will speak for itself.

They have a Gyro Combo: Gyro, fries, and a fountain drink for $4.95. Come give it a try, get some shisha for your hookah (they're also a middle eastern grocery store), and bring a friend! It's worth it!
I'm a bit of  a Princess when it comes to food...you know...I don't do the greasy man-cave type stuff; fatty meats, etc. So, the first thing that stood out to me here was the Gyro Meat. It's lean, flavorful, and has a nice texture- unlike other places I've dined, even in Scottsdale. They're generous with the Kalamata Olives :) The grilled chicken is amazing...as well as the Shawarma, both beef and chicken. You will have to just let your taste buds experience them. Finally, the Baklava....!!!!

Drumroll please!

Not only do they offer this wonderful treat - but they actually have 3, yes 3 kinds of it! One is even a Lady Finger Style, they are all delish. To top it all, the service is very warm and friendly. Come check them out and bring a friend or two, amazing specials each week.
We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment?
Seriously the best food in town. The chicken shwarma is amazing and the portion is huge. They also have the best hummus I've ever had. The owner and wait staff are helpful and the service is quick. Princess is a must try!
You will love this place, best food ever. They have a lot of options, including a buffet; so basically anything you are in the mood for you will find,
Ordered the #2chicken shwarma plate and the #9kofta plate to go.
Shwarma: perfectly seasoned chicken and rice with garlic sauce, hummus, salad and pita $8.00. Great price and tasted so good.
Kofta: meat was cooked to perfection, moist not dry, seasoned nicely. Came with rice, hummus and pita, substituted arab salad for the garden salad. $8.00. 

They have great prices, you can eat in the market or take it home.
Gyro, fries and soda special for $5.99 and a buffet on Fridays for $9.99.

Yay Amera (Princess)!
Ramadan Kareem!
MMM MMM MMM Thats what i feel about this place. I mean COME ON this is one of the best Arab Food restaurants i think in the WHOLE USA. I know that might be going a bit over board but of all the restaurants i have been to this is the best. I love the Kabob Combo and gyros from there but the best part of the experience is the customer service. Owner is a really nice man and i think his whole family helps out with the shop. :)
What a hidden little surprise this is! I can't believe it's been here for 9 years! Thank you yelp for discoveries like this! 

This is a very nice Mediterranean little market, they even sell huge bottles of avocado oil for $10! The cheapest I could ever find before this has been $20, so I'm pretty excited about that! 

The deli is great!! The Gyro meat is thicker cut and not dry at all (and it didn't give me heartburn, woo hoo!) I brought a friend and she just loved her gyro wrap. The hummus is fresh, homemade tasting, served with a nice drizzle of olive oil on top.... Mmmm super good... 

Service is super friendly and helpful. I'm so glad to have found this little gem! I haven't tried the buffet yet, but I'm definitely looking forward to trying it out in the future.
Yes! Great food in Tempe! I was super impressed. The hummus is good and so was the gyro I had. Staff was friendly and food came quickly (we were REALLY hungry). I will definitely be begging my friends to take me here the next time I'm in Tempe.
What can I say...Love this place. The food is definitely the best mediterranean I've had in the valley. Chicken Shawarma and lamb shank are where it's at. The hummus is thick and delicious too. Go in not expecting much but awesome food at a very reasonable price.
service for us was very pleasant when she was there which was very little BUT the food is excellent baba ganouch  excellent hummus a little pasty falafal the best gyro perfect dolmathes  yummy as well
So my classmates family owns this place but by no means is this review biased...the food really is good! Just look at all the reviews!

Stopped by here recently on my way to Ikea. My favorite items are the chicken shwarma, hummus, baba ganoush, gyros, and falafel and sambusas. I need to try their lamb stew next time, it looks amazing. Definitely check out the market itself, I always pick up some spices, tea, and pita, but they also have some cooking utensils and frozen foods. The only thing I wish they had was halal meat but no butcher shop here :/ The food is worth the trip from Glendale!
It's very good food ,, I love it and I will come back here every time I come to AZ .. Ppl work here very nice too
Almost easy to miss, in a strip mall right before the 101 freeway.  Dining area is clean, staff is very friendly. We ordered the princess combo which comes with chicken shawerma, beef shawerma, chicken and beef kabob, rice, hummus and salad. All the meat was very good, cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Hummus was excellent. We also tried the falafel which I loved, perfect recipe and cooked perfectly. There's a market inside so you can shop after you eat. All in all, it was a great lunch experience.
Forgot to mention the Prices are great & just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious !
I'm incredibly impressed by this deli. THE best Mediterranean food I've had in Tempe. The hummus was light, fluffy and scrumptious, and their beef, lamb and chicken platters are my go-to college dinners (and they're healthy!!) Do not hesitate to try their baklava, for it will be one one of the greatest decisions of your day! 
The staff is always happy to see me, and have a casual conversation. The store also has a wide variety of groceries to buy! Could spend a good hour or two browsing.
Best Mediterranean food in the area with great service. I have Celiacs and can eat here! Their Lentil soup and Greek salad is delicious. Their coffee is a heavenly treat. My favorite lunch place in the valley!
AMAZING hummus. Everything we ordered was great. The owner was there and gave us a free sample of Baba ghannouge and some baklava, which was the best I ever had, just because it was our first time there and he could tell we were enjoying our food and hoped we would give some good word of mouth about this place. To say the least I set up this yelp account to do just that.
Best food ever!! The falafel is the best in town, crispy outside and nice and moist inside. I also had the chicken shawarma entree, super yummy!! Everything is fresh, great customer service. It's family owned. You can't go wrong with this place at all, a must try!!
Best midetterianian food
Great kabab
Great hommus
Great service
Cons: it took long time
This place is fantastic, the food selection is awesome and the prices are very affordable.  The owners have consistently greeted us with open arms and a great dining experience.  The princess combo for two, was a steal, easily filling up 2 people. The market has a nice variety of international foods as well. Highly recommend.
Absolutely delicious food... the employees are SO friendly & welcoming... true, genuine mediterranean meals. The atmosphere is wonderful, as well. Service is consistently great. I would definitely recommend Princess to anyone!
We stopped here after some business in Mesa.  We were looking for a snack, Yelped it, and boom.  Mediterranean it was.  Had falafel sandwiches which were AWESOME.  Fresh, crispy falafel (not warmed over) in homemade pita bread. Perfect size.  I eyed the buffet and other offerings.  It all looked and smelled great.  Awesome specialty grocery items.  Don't be intimidated or put off by the looks.  It's a DELI not a high dining experience.  And it is a great deli.  I will be back.
The food here is pretty amazing. The service, not so much, is very slow. I might not go here for lunch anymore unless it was take out. But the food alone keeps me a fan! Then you can stock up on whatever Mediterranean items you need in the attached market!
It's about time i got this review posted considering I have been eating lunch here at least once a week since I was told how close to work this was.

The food here is really good and fresh. I am a huge fan of middle eastern cuisine and I was surprised they had one of my favorites, kafta, on the menu. The kofta here is great it gets a nice light char from the grill on the outside but is still juicy and tender on the inside. I love it. The fact that the platter is only $8 and comes with rice, hummus and salad is a deal I can't pass up.

Those who know me know that I am picky on what hummus I enjoy since i have been making my own for almost 20 years. The hummus here is the rare exception to my normal rule that I don't like the super smooth and creamy hummus. I am not sure what exactly it is but I like it here.

For lunch I usually get the tabouli instead of the salad as my second side. It's really fresh and has a nice bite to it. I usually mix it with some hummus and apply to pita bread as the flavors work well together.

As for other things on the menu I have sampled most of their range of baklava thanks to the great yelp check in deal they had. I really liked the walnut but usually I will just look into the case and point at whatever looks good. That plan hasn't left me disappointed yet so I think I will stick with it. For entree's the chicken shwarma is my second favorite, the garlic sauce really makes this dish; the beef shawarma is pretty tasty but I have a hard time passing over the chicken for this one.

The staff is friendly and I can't find a negative thing to say about this place. Check it out and you will be happy you did.
Iv been coming here on and off for a couple of years so that should tell you what kind of a restaurant it is, you wouldn't come out of your way to come here but if you happen to be closer by and are craving some Arabic/med/greek food then this place is pretty good. Portions are a bit on the small side, which is unusual for the kind of restaurant that it is. What pisses me off is that the don't have unlimited lamb shanks in their buffet anymore, which kinda defeats the purpose of a buffet. Now you can only get one per buffet, and it was the only thing that you could convince your brain to cough up 10 something bucks for the other things are ehh. You're better off ordering something from their menu, the things on there are actually good.
This place was pretty good not bad in price either. I purchased a gyro sandwich and it was pretty good. Good flavors, a bit dry on the meat and pita. I would come back for another. 
Staff: was nice 
Store: was interesting to check out a different culture of foods and shopping. Clean place.
My realtor introduced me to this place when I just moved to Arizona about nine years ago in search of a great Mediterranean place. I seriously can't get enough of the great food they make, I have to admit I eat here several times a week and every time I eat there I take some extra home for a midnight snack. The Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli what a great place for lunch or dinner.

My mouth waters when I I think of menu, and time and time again I order the Chicken shawarma hummus and tabouleh (what a healthy value meal) The Princess also prepares also gyros, shawarma, sandwiches, the best lamb shank in town as well as sides like hummus and tabouleh, and desserts like baklava, and my favorite namura.
Amazing Mediterranean food in an understated building. Great hummus and pita and chicken shawarma. Definitely go here!
Excellent hummus. Great prices. Yummy!
Very good food and you can't beat the price. One of my favorite places to eat for lunch.
I have had their Gyro plate and sandwich, they are the best and very flavorful! I have only been here 5 time but every time I enjoy what I eat!
Everything I've eaten here has been amazing. It's the best mediterranean food I've had in the valley. Simple ingredients freshly prepared result in rich flavors. The chicken kabob is really good, especially with their garlic/potato sauce. I also ordered the vegetarian combo which is an assortment of the side dishes, nothing was disappointing. The service and prices are also hard to beat.  Dinner for two was under $25 and I left without room in my stomach for anything else.
Authentic family ran medi food.  This place is good and has great healthy options.  The hummus is fresh!
Place was awesome, amazing shawarma and they had this garlic sauce that was amazing. This place is also a grocery stores, those are usually the best.
We've been coming here for years and there is no other place to go for delicious Mediterranean food. I've tried just about every plate they have and they are all on point. When my wife and I come home from a long day of work on Friday nights it is fantastic to pick up some Princess, crack open a bottle of wine and watch a movie.

The spices in the grocery are great too--picked up some sesame seeds tonight for a fifth of the price you would get at a grocery store.
If you like great food and great prices, you'll love this place.  It would be hard to recommend one dish because I've eaten here enough to sample just about everything on the menu and it's all good. Not sure what it is about the combination of foods, but I feel satisfied for hours after a combo plate with hummus, rice and tabouli.  Go - you won't be disappointed.
Excellent food and service. Very authentic cuisine. All homemade and fresh. Falafel amazing. Chicken kabobs delicious. Rice is gluten free!!!  Truly wonderful service. Will definitely come back!
This place was awesome in every way.  The food is very authentic and delicious.  I tried everything on the menu and I have no complaints.  If you like a superb middle eastern food then this is the place.  Make sure to try the Falafel, it is the best in Az.  Over all great experience and the staff is very friendly and I will be coming back soon!
Amazing! Best meats I've ever had! Definitely recommend this place, come at least 2-3 times per week.
Went in for the Princess Platter with my wife and very much enjoyed the meal.  Service was good, we would certainloy return
You're new to this populated desert, left 24 hour fitness and have a huge urge to eat Mediterranean food....Yelp to the rescue! 

I didn't really know what to expect from the place. It was 20 minutes before closing and the place is pretty much closing. 

Food: 
Ordered the Kabob combo to try a mixture of items. 
Chicken kabob: Dry chicken because they use chicken breast but packed with flavor. I would suggest chicken thigh meat. 
Kofta - Not the best I've had, but no complaints either. Right soft bouncy texture with enough flavor. 
Steak - The best one! Came medium rare. Soft and flavorful (same spices as the chicken kabob). 
Hummus - Smooth texture. 

Service: 
They took my order and money with a smile. Not much service necessary at a place like this. 

Environment: 
Order in a grocery store type counter and pay for it in an actual grocery store counter. You can eat it in the grocery store if you want....awkward Asian guy sitting in the store....no thanks. 

Price: 
$11.50 for quite a bit of food. I thought it was fairly priced. 

Food: 4
Service: 3
Environment: 3 
Price: 4
I went here for the first time the other day and tried the gyro plate my son ordered the beef shawarma. Everything was good and the staff was very friendly and even gave us a sample of baklava. They give you a lot of food for cheap prices. I will be back.
I ended up here after checking my Yelp app during a doctor's appointment in the area. I am SO GLAD I found it!
I love ethnic grocery stores. I can get sucked in and explore for hours. They had a lot of Middle Eastern foods, with American items in the mix, too. 
The staff is great! I was greeted as soon as I walked in. 
I got the beef gyro plate, which came with your choice of 3 sides. I got the hummus, baba ghanoush, and tabbouleh. They also offer fries, but why the heck would I get fries at a Mediterranean deli? Crazy talk!
The meat was sliced thinly, super tender, and had the right amount of grease. Hey, if you're gonna eat meat, you gotta have some grease, right? RIGHT? The sides were great, too. They were drizzled with olive oil, which always tells me I'm at a place that knows how to make the food they are advertising.
I have the leftovers in the fridge, and can't wait to eat it! I will definitely be back. Again. And again. And again.
Food here is great, had the chicken schwarma with salad and rice. My partner had the same with hummus, I heavily endorse eating here. I'm coming back that's for sure. Also they have lovely baklava.
After trying a number of other Mediterranean places and being somewhat disappointed at every turn, I finally managed to find myself in the vicinity of Princess for a weekend lunch. As with many of the best restaurants in the area, the exterior doesn't look like much, but our fortunes changed once we got inside. The waitstaff was courteous and patient with my questions, and although the food took a while to come, it was absolutely worth the wait. I split a side of falafel and the Princess combo with a friend, and both were excellent. One recommendation for those who order platters here: you can switch around the default sides, for example, having tabbouleh instead of garden salad, or baba ganoush instead of rice, and I recommend this. You get a free baklava (or drink) for checking in, and I love the pistachio. When we went, the owner gave us not only this, but a piece of almond baklava, and another dessert to try. Have some turkish coffee to wash it down with, and you're set. Definitely recommended.
Good food, great service!
Great food!  They have a wonderful option of dishes to choose from.  Family owned local business with great service and excellent desserts!
A very unique and very tasty experience! I ordered the gyro combo for a very affordable 7.50. They gave generous portions of meat, salad, rice, and hummus. What really made this plate "pop" was how well everything was seasoned. You can tell that they put great care into everything they cook. Add a friendly waitress and nice, appropriate music music for the perfect atmosphere, and you've got a repeat customer.
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
Pros: the food taste is really good
The food is fresh

Cons: they took long time to bring the food
When we stumbled upon Palm Beach Middle Eastern restaurant this week, we weren't sure what to expect.  Being from a middle eastern family myself, and having some of the best cooking growing up, especially Turkish, we had high expectations going into this place, but remained very open minded.

As you walk into Palm Beach the atmosphere and  ambiance of the place is nothing like the Middle East or, for that matter, anyplace I have ever seen. In fact the place had little or no decor at all, really, just a big room with 20 some table and chairs.  

At first I didn't think this place was open.  But their was about 8 tables full of people, so we decided to stay and give it a try.

First the service... It was impeccable period. Very friendly staff, and right on par. Even if the blonde hair girl couldn't pronounce some of the dish.  She was terrific! 

The menu... The cover said something like "food that your mama makes". I was with my mom and dad, who are middle eastern Turkish, so this added to the expectations and they were ready to critic. 

My mom and I ordered the kefta, (meatball) served in a mattlaic pot with garlic glazed tomato sauce with middle eastern spicies... This dish WAS better than my mom has ever made. Sorry mom!  Plus she even liked it, and she is vey picky.

My dad ordered the fresh lamb that fell off the  bone onto to balsamic rice with saffron. It was also terrific.

When the waitress said that the food takes a bit longer than normal restaurants because everything is so fresh, she wasn't kidding... It took 15 minutes. But it was well worth the wait, fresh and tasty.

The food and presentation was by far superior than any Middle Eastern restaurant  I've been too in a long time.

What Palm Beach Middle Eastern Restaurant  lacks in decor and ambiance, sure makes up with the food.

I know they are a new ( only a few months old), so hopefully they will have it in their budget to make the place one day feel like you are overseas,in the Middle East, There are some beautiful places there.

So yes, I will return to Palm Beach to have the best Middle Eastern food in Tempe, decor or not, the food is well worth it... And as they said "It's  just like mamma made!"
Really, As good as it gets 5 stars!! I'm talking about the food!
Came here with my parents and girlfriend expecting to see crowds waiting, but it wasn't really packed at all.


However,  this place was super delicious. It was our first time trying different Arabic/Middle Eastern food. I asked the lady who took our orders, what was good and she explained to us that their menu has dishes from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon and Syria. 


We started with Hummus and pita bread, then we ordered Kushari (vegan Egyptian dish),  Kufta with Tahin ( Lebanese dish that came with a side of white rice), lamb Mandy ( Saudi Arabian dish which had unique smoked yellow seasoned rice, the plate was big and surprisingly delicious), and  the Arabic style Shawrma wraps that came with garlic dipping and fries. Everyone was satisfied, and we had great time. I will be Back!!
We arrived the Palm Beach one minute before they close and they welcomed us and even tough we were the only group left in the restaurant they gave us their full attention. 

The food is amazing, they have a huge menu of all "traditional" western Saudi foods. Their dishes taste like the food in an average Saudi family house.
.
The best restaurants in Tempe, the food is so delicious and the host is very friendly.
Excellent food.  Not typical kabobs. They offer a variety of saudi based dishes.  The lamb is scrumptious and the okra stew w lamb was amazing.  I highly recommend this place.