This place is where I go whenever I am filling up the tank. It's got some of the cheapest prices in the valley. It has the unfortunate location right next to the 7-11 so you don't really see this place because the sign is small and the place is pretty dimly lit.

They also run a really great special of $5.99 for a 6-pack of coronas. 
There's not really a huge selection of snacks & drinks but what they do have is really cheap. 

But as bad as it sounds, some times I just don't want to stop there because there is ALWAYS at least on homeless person hanging around the parking lot, and dealing with it EVERY time gets old.
It's a dirty location with a foul smell of piss inside. From my short visit it's apparent their main clientele are transient.
Basically the only place around. There's a banner outside proclaiming it's under new management (for what it's worth).
Was a little questionable from the outside, but the food turned out to be surprisingly good.  Four of us had the chicken and beef chimichangas, chicken burrito enchilada and the carne asada plate. All were good and well priced. Will definitely stop in again if ever passing through.
I can't speak for the rest of the menu but the carne asada tacos at this desert joint were delicious. My daughter and I were heading on I-One-Oh from Tucson to Frisco and we stopped here because the food options decrease dramatically as we course the wide Sonoran Desert. What makes the tacos really special are the amazing corn tortillas, which are made there! The horchatas were also sweet and tasty. It's a small family run business. Not pretty to dine in but worth the visit.
Any place that will make a breakfast taco from scratch off the menu and be so nice about deserves a shot and the home tortillas were an awesome addition!!!
The pizza is good, but the pasta is outstanding. Nice quaint family outing place, or a great place to take a date for a private dinner. They, also, offer some good salads.
The hubby and I were trying to decide on lunch. I felt the need to support one of our local eateries that we hadn't tried yet.  Just off of Pinnacle Peak Pkwy and Miller is 3 Tomatoes & a Mozzarella.

We started off with sharing the Tortellini Insalata which was infused with a fragrant basil vinagrette.  This was a light and refreshing starter salad that was a perfect portion for 2.

We are pizza junkies and very picky pizza junkies at that.  So we decided to try the Quattro Formaggi pizza.  This was a fantastic pizza.  It had parmesan, fontina, gorgonzola, asiago cheese, prosciutto, roasted garlic, white truffle oil infusion.  The garlic was soft, and sweet and added the perfect accent to the prosciutto and cheeses.  

After devouring more than 1/2 of the pizza, we realized that our promise to one another of "Honey let's really try and eat healthy and not go overboard" was a distant memory,  we thought what better way to end the meal than with the homemade chocolate chocolate chip gelato.  It was a fantastic. We shared a bowl of this yummy goodness and there was a small spoon fight at the table.  My advice, order your own ;o)
A cute, unassuming little bistro with excellent pizza. Went here on Friday for dinner with Husband after what I will diplomatically label "a day." I wanted to get a quick bite and not wait too long, despite the fact that it was Friday nite. So, we thought we would try this place as we have gone by a few times.

First, the atmosphere is very cute. Do not let the strip mall location fool you, the inside has an open kitchen where you can watch the boys on the back toss and spin pizza crusts. The decor is stereotypically "tuscan" -faux finish, vines, faux marble. but, somehow, it comes off as cute instead of cheesy. The service was good and fast - no wait for a table and the wine came quickly.

The wine list is abbreviated, but not over priced (one of my pet peeves!), right in line with a nicer pizza and pasta place. Husband and I shared the chicken pesto pizza, which was excellent. The pesto was not overly oiled and spiced well. The chicken on the pizza was also good - chunks of breast meat as opposed to the mystery parts often found on chicken pizza.

Very cute, little to no wait....we will def. be back.
Love their pizza and atmosphere. Their Caesar salad is really good too. They had a great deal during the summer, where we got 2 salads, 1 large pepperoni pizza and a bottle of wine for $40.
In a nutshell ... boring.

For some reason my friends like to come to this place and I've been several times so this review is actually a culmination of all my experiences.

For starters, ever time I come here they only have one server.  I'd like to say the service is terrible but that wouldnt be fair because there's only one person handling the whole restaurant.  The real key here is that the management/owners (whatever) don't ever get up off their asses and help out when the poor girl is swamped. Look around, you'll see lots of parched people sitting in front of empty glasses.

And speaking of management, don't think about bringing a kid here unless you're interested in dirty looks from the old hostess.  Believe me I hate kids in restaurants too but it's 6:00pm and if it wasn't for my friend and his kids eating these mediocre $20 pizzas the place would be dead so sweetheart, yes, you with the grimace, lighten up.  You're bringing the whole dining experience down.

And speaking of down.  I've seen several, several, several kids spill full cups of milk on the floor in this place because the owners refuse to stock plastic cups with lids and straws for the kids. You can find stupid metallic covers for your goofy menus but can't stock a lid. Talk about being obstinant.

OK, on to the food.  Not bad, not great.  Not quite convinced it's Tuscan but if you're lost in North Scottsdale and can't find Grimaldis and you stumble into this place you'll walk away with a mediocre Italian meal.
r.i.p.
This is a Sinclair Gas Station and Convenience Store that has a full service deli inside. They have great food, and have excellent service. I regularly order take out in advance for large meetings. Thank you Lisa for great service.
They make food here! Yes it's a deli inside they also sale beer. They provide you with great staff who will educate you on meats and cheese if you have never had them. It's a nice little spot to stop in and get gas and also coffee or cups of Ice and we all know I love Ice. I give it five stars total.
I've been to this location several times.  At least 3 out of 4 visits I walk out with a smile due to the customer service and friendly employees. Great job!
This wasn't your average gas pump/convenience store! What a surprise to walk into QT in Tempe and feel like it was a peek into America's future concept! I've been saying for years how I wished we were a nation of tea lovers instead of coffee fanatics......
Well, it's Teatime @ Quick Trip! 
Pineapple, Passion Fruit, Tropical, Berry......all in sweetened or unsweetened and all at the fountain in hot or cold.
This place takes the cake - and they have that, too....fresh donuts, pastries, hot roller grill items that are obviously rotated well!
I have to say I really like Quik Trips for Gasoline needs. They are usally always cheaper than the other local stations for starters.
It is clean, inside and outside, and the peeps that work there work really hard/ They are always friendly and helpful.
They keep the food and drink area nice and clean.
What I don't like is the last few times I was there ,I am always being asked for $$ by pan handlers.
 This is not the fault of the station. I am just so sick of people asking me for money.
I freaking love QuikTrip! This new prototype they is even better than the old awesome locations. This new location has plenty of parking in the front and on the sides with front and side entrances as well so you're always near a door. They split the drinks up on two sides with tea snd coffee on one side and sodas and frozen drinks on the other with fresh prepared foods in the middle. Unlike the old locations, this one also has a smoothie bar where they make fresh drinks or ice cream treats for you as well as pretzels made to order and more pastries and donuts than I've seen before. And of course they have the standard QT quick checkout, never anyone waiting more than a few seconds. Seriously it's amzing to watch on of those guys to ring up three people at once. It's why I'll never go anywhere again for gas or c-store needs. Check this QT out, I gurantee you'll love it!
I stop into between one and three Quiktrips every day.  These places are amazing, and run exceptionally well.  There is never a bad thing to say about anything here, and their prices are competitive.
The only time I come to QT to fill up is when there's no other gas stations in the area where I'm going.  I love how all or most of the QT stores are save heaven where kids can be left here with store employees if there's any safety issues, not quiet sure how that work.
I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed because I don't know how to start my review....do I just profess my love in general? Admit that I am addicted to the energy drink, Rooster Booster, that they keep on tap?  

The thing that really separates QT from other gas stations is their delightful array of slushi drinks. They have more flavors than Circle K and Seven Eleven combined. I like to use a slushi drink in replace of ice...so, white cherry slushi + coke = cherry coke.  You can get crazy with it, add watermelon to Sprite, and pina colada to Rooster Booster.  You can try doing this at Seven Eleven, with their sub-par slushies, but I can guarantee you that the dude behind the register will stare you down until you break into a cold sweat, and three video cameras will zoom in on your every move.  If you want slushy at Seven Eleven, you must pay for slushi!

But not at Quick Trip...they invite you to mix their slushies with your soda.  Their commercials even encourage it.  THANK YOU QUICK TRIP, for challenging my creativity and ingenuity.

So now that I provided that crucial background information, it is time to reveal what makes this particular QT so particularly amazing.

Are you ready?

THEY HAVE 22 FLAVORS OF SLUSHI.

There are three different blue flavors, eight red/pink flavors and multiple neon flavors.
They even have a sugar-free flavor, so if your digestive track can handle sugar-free stuff, you can drink these every day and call it a diet.  WINNING!

And if your slushi-soda combination creates a reaction and your cup overflows, do not fear...according to the QT worker today, "it happens all the time."  And that is probably why he appeared out of thin air before I even realized that my cup was combusting.  He came with paper towels, a smile, and a floor cleaning machine. You just have to love a place that never has sticky floors.
Somehow in the midst of my excitement over the abnormally high number of slushy flavors, every time I go to this QT gas station, I somehow overlooked the thing in the middle.  IT IS A WHIPPED TOPPING MACHINE.  Who would ever expect a whipped topping machine in the middle of a wall of slushies? I almost thought I was dreaming. 

On the machine it says, "Add whipped topping to your favorite frozen or hot drink."  

I assume that since the machine is smack dab in the middle of the wall of slush, that "favorite frozen drink" refers to slushy.  I never thought that I would see the day that putting whipped topping on a slushy would not only be deemed appropriate, but even be encouraged. This QT gas station is clearly one (or 100) steps ahead of the game and I hope that all other QTs (and circle Ks and 7Elevens) follow their lead. 

So, the curious reader is probably wondering, "how does whipped topping on a slushy taste?"   Let me just say: why eat a popsicle when you can eat a creamsicle?
I  now realize that a slushy without whipped topping is like a cake without icing or a raisin without chocolate.  

The machine is a little loud, do not let this scare you.  It also is a little slow, so you must be patient as you wait for your whipped topping to drop.

Aside from the screen that says "Push Here for Whipped Topping," there are no instructions, but do practice caution when mixing the whipped topping on soda.  Yes, you can put it in soda...it's not as weird as it sounds, think of rootbeer floats, or the more obvious, cream soda.  Unfortunately, the whipped topping seems to trigger a volcanic effect when added to soda so make sure you leave a good 2-3 inches in your cup to prepare yourself.  Even if you quickly put a lid on it, the increased carbonation will fizz right through the straw hole.  My husband foolishly waited in the car for me while I ran in to buy (aka "create") his fountain drink and unbeknownst to him, I added whipped topping, which continued to fizz through the straw hole for quite some time.   If this does happen to you, just try to not make any sharp turns while you drive.  It will be messy.