Order a Piraat at the bar.  Worth four stars alone.  

The Belgian beer on tap selection is impressive.  The space is a bit small but well decorated and comfortable.   Lighting is above-average and the bar area by the front window provides entertaining people-watching.  Great date place.  

We ordered the mussels and frites (the house 'specialty').  The mussels were sizable and cooked well but the sauce (always the best part of mussels) was a bit too buttery and salty for my taste.  The bread was very crusty and tasty and the frites were decent (I've had better Belgian frites).  I still like Sardine's mussels better but these were decent.  

Overall well-run and a great addition to the neighborhood.  Again, just say Piraat at the bar - worth the trip alone.  But watch out, 10% alcohol with a smooth finish can be dangerous...
What first attracted me to Brasserie V was the ample selection of Belgian beer.  I was pleasantly surprised when I entered to find an adorable, well-lit, almost romantic establishment serving some pretty tasty food.   Our server was very helpful in aiding us through the list of beers -- as my dining companion wasn't really a fan of beer in general. (and we successfully found one that both of us enjoyed)  The bread is served with a seasonal herb butter -- it was green and oh so delicious.  I had the house special mussels and frites.  I was a little disappointed that I had to shell my own mussels, but the work was well worth it.  My dining companion had the steak and frites. She described the steak as tender and enjoyed every morsel of it.  
The restaurant is small, I am not sure if I would ever bring a group of people here.. however it would be a great place for a date or a double date.
Visiting the Brasserie V after about 2 weeks after its opening, and then about 2 months later, one word jumped into my head immediately.  Inconsistent.

The service and especially the food wavered in quality and delivery.  Starting with the first visit, I was taken as a surprise with the place still in its infancy, mellow, feeling as if word of its existence hadn't really gotten out yet.  Upon returning those several months later the place had become lit darker, much louder (due to the fact it was packed) and complete with a long wait as there are few tables.

Now I'm not one to complain about noise, nor about having to wait, but it is truly loud inside for a small restaurant, and if your host informs you its only a fifteen minute wait and it turns out to be more around double don't continually string them along telling them, "Just a few more minutes."  Recall what you told those waiting and address the fact you were mistaken, otherwise gauge more time than you think it will take.  Telling groups their wait time is low, only for it to be over double starts a sour note before menus are even in hand.  Unfortunately, the minimal wait space inside does little to help those table-less.

Okay, now before I begin spilling out one of those prototypical long tirades complaining about rude wait staff, undercooked orders, and long wait times perhaps the best way for me to reflect may this tried and true form.

The Good: Their more affordably charged sandwiches were the highlight item each time, I recommend the one with mustard.  I actually don't like mustard but this was very rich without being overbearing, very close to amazing.  A very nice Belgian beer selection, although a bit expensive, one of these won't kill you, and if the place isn't completely  jammed and the bald man at the bar is feeling nice he can help point you in the right direction if you're feeling overwhelmed.  

The Bad: The much hyped frites are simply thinly cut fries, slice and dice it how you will, because sliced and diced they are still fried potatoes and not a lot more.  The tri cups of dipping sauce that accompany seem to exist to enliven these knowingly dull snacks but they should be more flavorful or evolved.  Besides the above mentioned wait-times, the servers seemed very distant and non-communicative, while not rude, when in a loud restaurant the server should assert themselves over the noise letting you know you're of value and you're noticed.  Sometimes when feeling swallowed up the lack of server presence is much more estranging than typically felt.

The Ugly:  Upon both visits, the lamb was ordered and requested beforehand to be cooked more than rare.  Both times returning marginally more than rare, causing two send backs the second time.  Above all, get the meat cooking instructions correct.  For whatever reason of confusion, this looks extremely unprofessional. 

I'm going to give the Brasserie a pass here, in memory of the better food and experience I had the first time and hope that as time goes by they can tighten up some of these hitches.  You can see the potential for it to really sail and just soar but for the ambiance and the dollar its dangling between disaster and dazzle.
Visiting Madison, my friend took me there because of its reputation for a outstanding selection of Belgian tap beers. The beer menu offers a lot to try out and explore. The friendly staff allows you to sample them if you are not sure what to order or want to compare. 
The interiour design comes close to an authentic brasserie atmosphere. Open kitchen in the back makes it lively. 

I've not experienced any rude service as in the review above. Unfortunately we didn't get to check out the menu or try the food, since the wine and beer list was already consuming our full attention.   

Within Europe, Belgium has propably the highest density of top restaurants and certainly the biggest variety of beers. Madison can be very proud to this little Belgian embassy!!!

Brasserie V definitely deserves 5 stars for  taking the risk and creating this great contribution to Monroe street!
The food at Brasserie V is generally good, but service is hit-or-miss, which means your meal may be lukewarm by the time it reaches your table. Being with a group of four or more exacerbates the problem. That said, I thoroughly enjoyed the BBQ Pulled Pork ($9) and the Grilled Chicken & Blue ($8.50) sandwiches I had for lunch on two separate occasions. If you're there for Sunday Brunch, try the 4-Layer Crepe with Nutella ($9) or the Smoked Salmon Benedict ($10) with a cup of perfectly brewed Alterra coffee.  Note that portions tend to be on the light side.
This is one of my favorite Madison restaurants.  The best part are all the delicious Belgian beers on tap.  You can try all sorts of different flavors and be amazed by them all.  In addition the food is very delicious.  The menu is small but they do everything on it well.  I had a special which was a sliced sirloin on top a parmesan potato puree, which was amazing.  I have also had lunch there which is cheaper and still very good.  The place is small so it is sometimes hard to get a seat, but it also makes it quite cozy.  The only problem is the service can be a bit slow.  You just have to flag waiters down to get things.  Overall a great restaurant.
Been there like three or four times, each time it's great.  I think I had the mussels with chorizo once and was like "so what" but every other time it's been a really good meal.  I really like their bolognese with the pepper farfalle.... it's really about as good as that could be.  The frites: above average, not perfect... but honestly that isn't a magnet to me anyway.  The beers: excellent.  They're heavy on the Belgian selection as they should be, but there's always a couple I haven't had before... come Grand Cru or this or that.  Sometimes it's pretty busy... I'd recommend eating early, there isn't a lot of tables there.  I dunno how people go 2 stars on this, seriously... I mean I think 3 is starting to get bad.... 2, really?  Maybe if you don't like beer... but that's like going to a pizza place knowing you hate pizza.  How many times you been there... try it again, goddamn.
There was just nothing not to love about Brasserie V.  

We had a table of 6, with only 5 people arriving on time.  Our missing friend ended up being about 45-60 minutes late, and we did not order food until the latter half of that time frame.  Sure, we ordered beers, but we felt bad about absorbing a lot of table space on a busy Saturday night.  The waitstaff didn't even give us the stink eye.  They were pleasant (downright friendly, even) and professional.  

Allow me to rhapsodize about their beer selection.  I was overwhelmed and elated by it.  I'm pretty sure that I have never seen such an extensive beer list.  They have something like 10-15 Belgian beers on tap (and, like, 50+ in bottles), complete with the appropriate fancy glasses to serve them in.  I am kind of a whore for drinks being served in the correct glass (which was my one beef with Tex Tubb's margaritas--a rocks glass?!  Come on!).  I would highly recommend the "Saxo" and "Poperings Hommel Ale."  That Poperings....man, oh man.  It was the most perfect beer I've ever tasted.  All of the beers that my dining companions had (both dark and light) were also phenomenal.  I'd also like to point out that, if you request it, you can get as many samples of the beers on tap as you'd like.  Seriously.

I tried Moule et Frites and in no way was I disappointed.  They bring you a medium-sized mixing bowl full of mussels, drowning in a garlic-butter sauce.  Cue drooling here.  They then plop down a huge metal cone full (FULL) of perfectly cut, spiced, and cooked frites.  Oh, sweet jesus.  While I was face down in my bowl of mussels, I heard things like, "This steak is $@*&$!% fantastic," and "Ohhhh, the beer braised kale."  Nobody was less than 100% enamored with their food.

On top of everything else, the place is charmingly decorated.  It's cozy and warm and beautiful.  I love it and need to go back right away.
What did Monroe Street ever do without Brasserie V?  I'm astonished at how unbelievably busy this place was straight out of the cage.  The beer selection is its signature and quite good.  The food is typical bistro and also quite good.  But seriously kids, buy yourself a few more restaurants in Dudgeon-Monroe.  The west-siders are desperate to EAT OUT.

Note: I'm adding an extra star here because I hear the chef bailed and opened his own restaurant down the street.  Poor form, dude.
A- OK. 

The most pleasant part of this restaurant was the hostess's greeting at the door. She was very friendly and welcoming. Something I always expect from any restaurant, but it's one of those things that's hard to perfect. 

Let's discuss about the food. The special of the day "Scallop salads" was ok. I would not give more than 3/5 for this dish. Although the overall taste was good, the salad was over dressed, and the scallop had little too much salt on the surface. Entree? I ordered braised beef short ribs with balsamic glaze. It sounded tasty, but again, little excessive on salt, and it tastes nothing special. Worse than that, I don't think it matches the price and all the raves they've been getting.

The dessert menu needs to be re-worked. Maybe they can incorporate fresh seasonal fruits or something. As of now, it looks terrible.

Waitress's service was on the slow side, but nonetheless, very pleasant. She could recommend me a decent glass of wine to go with my dish. And oh yeah, the atmosphere was pretty nice. I loved the decor, and while it's not pretentious, it somehow induces the right amount of intimate feeling. So, if their cooking skills and the menu improves, this place could easily be a repeater.
The atmosphere was a classy, subtle elegance and dark wood decor.   The Belgium beer selection was top notch and stems to match. We didn't eat there, but I will definitely return for a meal. The french fries looked like they'd fulfill my addiction. 

Cheers!
Love the updated menu. I've had 3 of the sandwiches over the past 3 weeks. Every one of them was good. Most recently there with colleagues from out of town. Great service and food. All my friends thought the whole package was great.
I'm a huge fan of Belgium beers--based solely on their beer selection, Brasserie V would be 5 stars. However, their food is pretty inconsistent and, at times, very mediocre. They have a different lunch and dinner menu--the lunch being my favorite of the two with some pretty fantastic sandwiches (the apple and provolone is my favorite). The one consistent thing on the dinner menu is the mussels and frites. They're hands-down the best in Madison. Paired with a Belgium beer or two, and you've got an amazing night out. The vibe in the restaurant is great--busy and lots of energy. However, the wait & bar staff is pretty hit-or-miss. Overall, really great--but not perfect.
A great selection of beer and delicious food. Only down side is that it doesn't fit many people.
This was a toughie. I want to give the food a three and the atmosphere a five...four it is. The Brasserie V is a very charming little restaurant with a great long bar. They have a huge list of Belgian beers and a carefully selected wine list. Two members of our party opted for sandwiches (both great and incredibly well priced), we had an order of frites for the table (plenty for four!), and my mom and I split a few appetizers as our dinner. 

Now, I must say, I was truly disappointed with the cheese plate. If this is your thing, resist the temptation! The cheese plate IS my thing, but I didn't know any better. First, our selections could not be well explained to us, what we chose was not all that great (except for the Hooks 10-yr cheddar), and the accompaniments of bread, crackers, sugared walnuts, and olives was simply confusing. Maybe it's just me, but I like my cheese plates with honey, almonds, quince.... 

Aside from the cheese, I loved the prosciutto wrapped asparagus with poached egg (yummy and charred), and the scallops with pesto were silky, if not a bit too salty. Both were small servings (a given for appetizers) but we probably would have left a bit hungry if we didn't finish our companions sandwiches for them. 

Overall, I would be back to try to make some better food choices...it's just so darned cute!
I had been hearing good things about this place, most importantly: the frites.  I've known some good frite:  I used to work 5 blocks away from pomme frites in NYC and have basically tried all their toppings.  

I love the fact that it's a stone's throw from the trader joe's and the neighborhood is precious.  The pedestrian walks have flags you can pick up and drop that you can use to cross the streets; parades can happen ANYWHERE.  

So, we went after 1ish and it wasn't too packed but noticed there were only two servers.  We weren't in a rush so I thought it would be fine. We ordered and since the husband, whose first love in potato, wouldn't share, we each got an order of frites.  Husband ordered the cheeseburger, our friend Kate got the reuben and I got the avocado BLT.  

And then we waited, and waited.  I had to order coffee or else I was going to pass out.  I had just finished a hip hop class so I was starving.  Their beer selection was impressive, with husband pointing out that they serve Wychwood beer, from his hometown in the UK.

When we finally got our orders, I noticed the portion of frites were huge and regretted not sharing them with Kate.  I also noticed that a) husband said no tomato and look! tomato and b) the avocado was missing from my AVOCADO BLT.  It took some time to flag the waitress and then she apologizes and brings a plate of sliced avocado for me.  I was like, 'um, great, i get to assemble my own sandwich'.  I drowned out my grumpiness in frites doused in mayo, because fat makes everything okay.

We felt guilty because we over heard the waitress tell a table that they had run out of frites.  We had ordered the last ones.  But then I thought, hello? it's your signature dish--how can you run out?

Anyway...I would try it again and see how the dinner menu goes and taste their booze.  The food was pretty tasty, the service, not so much.
***Okay...FIRST off, let me just say that this rating is based on the food and atmosphere alone, because I am NOT a beer girl. If I was, I'd probably dig it, because they have a very...VERY extensive selection.

We decided to have dinner here after I had a long hard day at work. I almost wish I had chosen another place just because it was soooo loud due to the lack of walls or sound buffers of any kind. This place is small, but they still pack in the people, and it was just a bit too much.

When we arrived, the hostess told us that they were having plumbing problems, and it would be about a half hour until we could order food. We decided to stick to the game plan and sat at a table. The waitress came to get our drink order and said "Well, it could be a half hour, or an hour...who knows. Hopefully they're fixing it." Now, when you're hungry, there is a big difference between a half hour and a hour or "who knows". She did say that they could make frites, however. We decided to order those as a starter, but before we could even do so, she said that everything was fixed and the kitchen was open. YAY.

We still went for the frites to split, because we know they're known for them. I'm not sure what I was expecting on the menu...but nothing looked amazing to me(except the Moules et Frites) so I decided to go low-cost and  went with the Avocado BLT, subbing the chipotle-lime aioli for the regular mayo that it usually has. The sides were succotash, chilled red pepper soup, or potato leek soup. I love leeks, so I chose the latter.

The sandwich was okay, but nothing amazing--but a BLT is pretty much just that, unless it totally sucks.. Same for the soup. It was almost too thick. The frites were decent, and I liked the beet aioli that came on the side. Again, it was just so-so in a town with so many dining establishments that so-so doesn't do much for me.

I don't know if I'd ever go out of my way to dine here, but it was decent.
I like this place...  

As everyone pretty much knows Brasserie V fills up quick!  Its very small and the atmosphere is very cozy (unless you get sat at the table by the door in winter).  Come early to experience the beer and wine selection well waiting for your table! 

Every time I go here I get the Frites.  Ahhh yum I can taste the dipping sauces right now. Don't let them skip out on serving you bread because you ordered an appetizer.  The butter for the bread (or in my case frites) is too good to miss. 

I love their duck entrees and I usually get that every time I go.  Its nice that they switch up the menu but I really enjoyed the duck leg served over greens vs the new casserole duck entree.  Its still very good though! Just don't burn your tongue! 

Service overall was good.  The hostess was super friendly and helpful.  We actually sat at the bar to eat instead of waiting for a table. Best thing is since you are at the bar your bartender/server is always right there on top of everything.  Eating at the bar, I think you get faster friendlier, service. Plus you can figure out what your favorite new Belgian beer is. 

* * If you like the beer selection here I would recommend trying out the Malt House on E. Wash.  But don't go the the Malt House hungry...  they don't serve food.
Brasserie V has an EXCELLENT selection of beers, some of which you can't find in even the largest liquor stores in Madison. Their frites are simply amazing and their meals have also never disappointed me. However, eating here will be anything but cheap and some of the portions have been very small. It has also been very crowded and it can be tough to get service at times. I would suggest Brasserie V for a quick drink and order of frites with friends, that is when this place truly shines.
Similar atmosphere to Jac's down the street, but the food is much better. Also, excellent selection of fancy beers. Very small restaurant! Love the atmosphere!
Bravo! Done right from top to bottom...great beer, frites, organic and local meats! Friendly and competent service and cool upscale atmosphere. A bit noisy but one of my favorite places in Madison.
Wow!  I had the best meal here.  It was pretty crowded even on a Thursday night so we started off at the bar with some drinks while we waited for a table.  They have a great beer list and my wife really hit a home run with a Sam Smith Organic Strawberry beer.  My wife had the "V Burger" and claimed it to be the best burger she's ever eaten.  I had the cod and it was a perfectly balanced entree with a superb piece of fish.  We also had a cheese plate and the pork cheeks for appetizers and they were great.  Can't wait to go back!
They serve a lunch menu on Sunday nights.
Had a great lunch here today. 5 stars for Ahi Tuna sandwich with a side of curry salad.  May have to go back tomorrow.
Wow. What a great place, guys. It's just so easy to get drunk off the atmosphere and enjoy how great the food is, I think it might be fair to say their "V Burger" is the best burger you'll ever have. Better than my dad's for sure!
Best gastropub in Madison, by far.

Brasserie V is one of those places that (to my taste) just gets everything right.  Great craft beer selection, but with a focus on Belgians. Excellent, locally sourced food, with the menu updated seasonally.  

Their double fried frites are the best in town.

The menu does change seasonally, but there are some popular staple items that are left untouched, mainly steak frites and the moules frites, along with a selection of sandwiches. Almost all of which I've tried by this point, and I've yet to have a bad meal here. As other reviewers have mentioned, this place set a new bar for what I think a burger can be. The V Burger is definitely the best  burger I've had in my life thus far. Hopefully something I will continue to experience in the afterlife, as it tastes like heaven.  (hint: it's likely the combo of the burger juices that mix in with the aioli that take this burger to the next level) . Their cheese boards are a great cross-section of primarily Wisconsin produced cheeses.

I would argue that Chef Rob is one of the best chefs in Madison, as to an amateur observer, what comes out of the kitchen is always very consistent, and nearly always perfectly prepared - even if Chef Rob himself is not in the kitchen. To me that means that all of the kitchen staff actually care and want to succeed in making good food. That makes a lot of difference!

The service is generally very friendly and attentive. And although I've had some slow service when they are quite busy, I can understand that. Slow service certainly isn't the norm though, so no points lost from me.  

Expect to wait for a table during peak hours, sometimes up to an hour or more, as the place is absolutely tiny. I have no problem waiting for anything from here though, it's made up for in the quality and deliciousness of the beer and food on offer.  My tip? Sit at the bar if it's busy. Or, if you have a long wait, put your name on the list and go grab a beer or glass of wine at Barrique's Wine Cave while you wait.

It's also not uncommon to see Matt the owner tending bar during dinner hours and socializing. He's a very nice guy and passionate about beer. A great fountain of knowledge.

They also occasionally offer up beer tastings and educational sessions where you can learn about beer. I've attended a couple of these and had a fantastic time learning about the origins of some of their european and belgian beers. 

The lunch menu is a bit more limited, and provides mostly their salads and sandwiches, but there is typically a good special on offer.

One reviewer mentioned they only have the lunch menu Sunday nights. This recently changed, and they now have the full menu available on Sunday evenings.


So, my crib notes:
- Expect to wait to be seated, especially during peak hours. (solution: eat at the bar, or just drink excellent beer while you wait)
- Expect your food and libations to be most excellent, no matter what you order.
- Expect good to excellent service.
Excellent Wisconsin Belgian beer & fare delight. Atmosphere was cozy, classic/elegant with a twist of sophistication. The pommes frites were some of the best I've had as well as aioli. My friend got the an amazing salad that he couldn't finish (really- it was deceptively large!) and I tried the gnocchi (larger than usual) with mushrooms and cream sauce that was delicious. I wish we were more in the mood for beer tasting since the listing was impressive...
Madison needs more gastropubs, it's true. Brasserie V is here to answer the prayers of the people. Great beer list, amazing and decently priced wines. Best mussels and frittes I have had in ages! Excellent service. And was the perfect setting for a romantic date! I will be back!

I'm getting hungry just thinking about that dinner, it was exceptional.
I love this place. It is an excellent, sort of upscale place to go. You do have to wait a while if you go there on a busy night but it is def. well worth the wait. I will def be returning here. The beer is great and the food prices are also very reasonable.
One of our absolute favorite restaurants in Madison. Can definitely be crowded and the wait can be long but the food is great! Very inventive and the extensive beer list impressive. Also good selection of wines.
i find the fact that brasserie v's website opens with a definition of the word brasserie (an unpretentious restaurant) HILARIOUS. because if I could use one word to describe this place it would be pretentious.

i met some friends here for drinks last weekend. we only stayed for one drink because the prices were outrageous. this might not bother the monroe street richies, but i know that there are several other bars in this town that serve the same beers without hiking up the price.

to be fair, I didn't try the food... so i *might* come back if my pockets are feeling particularly deep. however, if you're on a budget, know that there are several other places in town that have a similar (if not altogether better and more reasonably-priced) beer selection.
I seem to have a thing for picking small, packed restaurants to try on Friday nights...

We waited for over an hour, as we were told we would. Since we were at the bar, it was completely fine. As everyone else has said, the beer list was almost overwhelmingly long. I can't make decisions, ever, so I went with (overpriced) Riesling. It was delish. An odd thing though: I guess they reserve seats at the bar, because once a couple got up and we slid in to grab their seats, the bartender informed us that they were taken and reserved. Hmm.

At the table, we got the V Burger I, V Burger II, and 2 orders of moules frites, plus the pommes frites as appetizers. The garlicky aioli was amazing... the pesto aioli was slightly odd with the fries but still good. My friends ate their burgers in .02 minutes -- evidently they were tasty. The mussels were also very good, although slightly bland. I got ginger-pear fritters with creme anglaise for dessert, which was very very fried and heavy. Not my favorite. We also got the chocolate pie, and this won our hearts. Thick, dark chocolate creaminess on top of a cookie crust. What could be better?

3 starts because although the wait was long, the staff was friendly and helpful, the food was quick once we sat down, and the bar kept us busy through the whole wait. But... the dessert was such a disappointment.  I would try it again, maybe with just one other person.
PROS:

- great beer selection, decent wine selection
- best fries, hands down
- cozy atmosphere
- enormous serving size of mussels

CONS:

- not being greeted at the door upon entering
- the 90 minute standing wait
- the very expensive wines and beers
- the grit in the prince edward island mussels (such a no no)

Overall...  great place to hit on a Friday night for drinks and fries at the bar.
We stopped in for late afternoon drinks, a plate of frites, and split the burger.  I was impressed from the moment we entered.  There was a chalkboard near the door which listed the names of the servers and bartenders for that shift.  That was a nice touch and I wondered why more places don't do something similar.  The bartender was friendly and attentive.  The beer was spot on and food was great.  Will definitely be back.
I have been going to Bras V once or twice a month for years now and while the wait time is occasionally an annoyance and I have had one or two disappointing meals the beer and frites simply are unmatched in Madison.  

In particular the Belgian taps are the stars of the show, in my opinion if you are not ordering off the first page of the drinks list you are doing it wrong though their wine selection is supposed to be good I can not speak to that.  The price is steep, though as I tell my cheaper friends when you are drinking a super tasty 11% beer you do not need more than one or two.

The food has varied over time with some seasonal hits and misses.  The frites are the best in Madison, best I have had anywhere really and pretty much every french fry I eat is a mild disappointment comparatively.  For lunch the BLT is excellent and the turkey sandwich is sometimes quite good but is more variable.  For dinner the mussels are my current favorite though they seem much less intense than they used to, the broth used to be buttery and rich to the point of almost being too much, the last few times it has been much lighter.  I have also enjoyed the steak, it's not a fancy cut for the price but the sauce and side with it are quite good.  The burgers are quite tasty and refined though not quite as good as the Bad Breath burger at The Weary Traveller.

One thing I have not tried is the cheese/sausage plates.  From what I have seen they are not impressive for the cost and being a native around here I can have the same cheeses at home with money left over to buy an Abt12 next time I am at the Brasserie.
The bf brought us here for Vday.  Had scallops,bf had steak both were high quality and extremely tasty.  I loved the ambience,service,and wine.  Must go!!!
Most unique beer selection in Madison. Very friendly & knowledgeable staff behind the bar. Go on Tuesdays for 3 of the most incredible sliders you've ever tasted. And don't skip the French fries.
Friday afternoon lunch time and the place was full.  We waited for a spot at the bar and soon discovered that we were one of the few in the place that were not regulars.  It was like Cheers, they knew what people wanted before they even sat down.  Soon we were made to feel like family.  We ordered frites, dh had the V burger and I had the Avocado BLT (we both had a few beers as well...peche lambic and dh has a few different ones).  When the food came the bartender remembered that DH ordered his burger medium (when the burger comes from a farm like Fountain Prairie Farms you can do that!) and saw that it was more med well and offered to take it back.  When he said he would eat it, the bartender went right to the window to tell them to make sure they watched the product.  

What could be better...Belgian taps, amazing dry aged burger, Nueske bacon and organic greens.  Thank you Brasserie V!!!
I love BV. I went there for lunch with my dad last week. Such a nice place to stop and have a bite or a drink or why not both! Great service and such yummy food. Frites to die for!
Appalling service, I took 4 guests who parked separately. The hostess sat 2 at a 5 top while I waited for my guests (under five minutes) and then made us wait for 45 minutes for the next table because "we were not all there". When I complained, they made no apology and no effort to even buy us a drink, just ignored us. Not worth it.
Went to Brasserie V last night for dinner. 

The good:
-Service was nice.  Very friendly waitress who was adequately attentive.
-Ambiance was nice.
-Great beer list with some really nice imports on tap.
-The fries were great.  
-The duck confit was really nice.  Perfectly cooked with a crispy skin and the garlic polenta was amazing.  

The not so good:
-The House-Made Cavatelli was really a disappointment.  It looked and tasted like Hamburger Helper.  The pasta was fresh but overcooked and the sauce really didn't taste very good.
-The chorizo on the duck didn't make sense and was WAY too overpowering.
-The wine list when compared to the beer list is a bit lacking.  They could do something like wine on tap (using an argon system) to set themselves apart from other restaurants.


Overall I will go back and recommend it, but they really need to rework the Cavatelli. 

Yelp's price range of $$ is a bit misleading.  Dinner for two: 1 appetizer, 2 drinks, 2 entree's and no dessert came to $73 (includes 15% tip).
I was introduced to Brasserie V by my sister who is quite the fan. She has been raving about their frites and tap beer. Usually, when someone talks so highly about a place it builds the expectation and I'm usually left disappointed. Luckily, this place met all expectations and more!

We came during a late lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. It was busy, but not packed and we were able to find a seat immediately. It's located on Monroe street, so parking may be difficult during peak hours. It's a long and narrow building with an old pub feel. The bar takes up quite a bit of space, as it should. The beers are deserving of a nice bar. 

The service was pleasant and attentive. Food was excellent. I had a Caprese and my sister had a croque monsieur. We shared the frites. Definitely a must order. They came with their house aioili as well as a Greek style aioili. According to my sis, they change up one and in the past have had flavors such as lavender. 

The beer menu can be overwhelming, but unless you're there for something specific I would stick with the taps. Saison Dupont is an excellent choice if you like a Farmhouse Ale. But, you could always ask the waiters, they are pretty good with recommendations. 

All, in all, a great (and interesting) place to eat and try new beers.
Went to Brasserie V for lunch the other day, and while we had to wait awhile to be seated (they are a small place), the wait was well worth it.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich, and it was amazing.  The tuna was perfectly seared, the bread fresh and crispy, and the aioli was the perfect complement to the sandwich.  It was served with fresh mixed greens that were in perfect condition, and with a lovely dressing.  All this for only $10!  My colleagues were equally pleased with their choices.  I will come back again and again!
Yes, please!  

I stopped at Brasserie V as a Yelp recommendation while I was in Madison on business. 

I loved that the bar tender was so knowledgable about the menu and he even let me sample some of their really expensive fancy brew from Denmark!  

The food was great - I had the quiche and salad with a lemon shortcake dessert!  

I would say this would be a good place for a date, but if you have the money - I found that this is also a great stop for lunch (they do have a soup/salad/sandwich option for $8).
Went here with a friend.  The atmosphere is friendly.  It is small and crowded but we ended up sitting at the bar.  I ordered the Croque Monsieur and let me tell you...IT WAS REALLY TASTY!   The fries were really good as they were seasoned just right.  Our bar tender was really nice and attentive.  I willl return when I come back to Madison!!!
The food is poorly prepared.  The beer is good, the kitchen needs a makeover.  I've dined here twice in the past week, and have had extremely underwhelming fare each visit.  A sandwich:  dry bread drenched in mayonnaise with possibly the world's most overcooked bacon.  The soup:  thin, entirely without body or flavor, with a hint of cinnamon.  The duck:  every last bit of character was cooked out of this unfortunate creature----quite possibly the most overcooked piece of meat ever served at a dining table.
I really love this place. I work with a lot of people who travel to Madison and whenever they're looking for a good place for dinner I start by asking a simple question - "Do you like beer?" If they say yes, I immediately tell them that they should check out Brasserie V. It's got the best beer selection in Madison and probably the best beer selection of any restaurant I've been to. I also really dig the atmosphere. It's a small, typically crowded restaurant/bar that feels casual and comfortable with good food and great drinks. What's not to like???
My husband and I had an excellent experience tonight on what will be the first of many visits to Brasserie V. We arrived for dinner shortly after 6pm to a bustling, but not crowded, restaurant (a good sign to us). They don't take reservations, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes for a table, so we put ourselves on a list to be seated at the first available spot--table or bar. Only about 15-20 minutes later, we were escorted to a great spot at the end of the bar, where we received wonderfully relaxed and attentive service, GREAT food, and my husband enjoyed, um, several selections from their wide range of non-standard beers (and a cucumber dry soda for the pregnant among us, ahem).

Service: Surprisingly calm wait staff overall. From our stellar people-watching perch at the end of the bar (right by the wait station), they seemed to work like busy bees when they were working, and then drop into a lower gear until something else required their attention. No busy-bodies, no curt tones, no snippiness. Awesome. I told the waitress I was unable to eat unpasteurized foods (so none of their homemade aiolis, unfortunately). She offered other sauce options without batting an eye and pointed out the unpasteurized cheeses on the board before we even had to ask.

Food: We were feeling snacky, so we went for the frites (of course!) with pistachio oil and parmesan, the cheese board (two from Carr Valley plus St. Andre triple creme - yum), and their to-die-for scallops. Seriously amazing! Perfectly prepared (finished with what I'm guessing was a torch, just for giggles) and served on top of whipped cauliflower, a frothy butter sauce, yummy warm cherry tomatoes, and crispy prosciutto. Our waitress's reaction to our approval indicated that, yup, they're always that perfect. :) Winning.

Beer: I can't say how the beers were from personal experience, but my husband looked to be enjoying himself. :) We marveled at their selection and that we had only seen about 10% of their line-up before. So fun to try new things!
We really like this place  My wife and I had dinner here on Sunday night. I had the pheasant and she had the scallops. Both meals were excellent. The pheasant was moist and the skin was crispy. The sauce, vegetables and sweat potato that accompanied it were perfect. Sunday's are half price bottles of wine and we had a good Cote Du'Rhone. We split the chocolate yogurt desert which was also very good. Our waitress was very nice and polite and she spent some time with us explaining the menu and dishes. We will definitely go back here the next time we are in Madison.
5 stars for the great beer.  Cheese plate and salad was secondary but really good too.
My fiancé and I split the moules et frites and burger, and both were amazing.  Seriously one of the better bucket of mussels I've had--certainly in Wisconsin--and the fries were definately  great.  

The beer selection is solid but pricey.  I know everyone goes totally crazy about belgium beers-and i really do love them--but you're basically paying for the import costs.  There are tons of amazing breweries in the states and Wisconsin producing some really interesting belgium-esque styles at a fraction of the price.   So it's hard for me to justify paying $7.50 for a 6-oz. pour of a LaChouffe, when a full pint of Dave's Brew Farm Matacabras--which tastes as good as most belgium quads-- can be had for $3.50 down the street

But we really did enjoy the place and meal.  It just felt like we were back in Washington, D.C. again, where everything was just slightly more expensive than it probably should be.
I came here on a whim as I was riding down Monroe street in Madison on a Friday evening after work. There is metered parking in front until 6pm, but I decided to swing around and catch some street parking not far off.  I was greeted and opted to sit at the bar as I was dining alone.  The place is quaint [read small] but with great decor for a brew house feel.  

I was quite impressed with the beer selection. I'm still growing into my beer boots, but to have the assortment of Belgian, Netherlands and other foreign (and respected) bottles on hand was quite a treat.  I flipped through pages and pages and settled on a a Belgian pale to go with the paté appetizer and moules et frites entree I ordered.  The beef and pork paté came with a large grain gourmet mustard, grilled baguette slices and sweet pickles.  The flavors together were wonderful, though the paté was a different texture than I expected; more of a tuna from the can consistency than a spreadable one.  But again, the flavors were great and the paté itself was wrapped in bacon. I mean, it's Wisconsin. You gotta have bacon.

The main course came out and I immediately went to my happy place.  The mussels were cleaned WELL and flavored impeccably. All a good medium size PEI mussels and the broth of garlic and white wine was simple and classic.  You get two dipping sauces for the fries and boy... I love sauce. One seemed to be a Parmesan aioli and the other a more garlic aioli. If I wasn't scraping the bottom of the cups with the fries, I would have had time to ask what exactly was in them.  Good.

The place filled up about 6:00 or 6:15, with dozens of folks crowded around the bar and front of the place. For good reason.  The staff is incredibly friendly and the food and beer are great.  Even the patrons were cordial; I had conversations with half a dozen of them while eating. I'll surely be back.
Great choice of Belgian biers but anyone who's ever been to Belgium wouldn't be overwhelmed by the frites.  Overdone and soggy every time I've been there.  And the dipping sauce?  Where's the mayo??
Very cozy bar with a staggering selection of beers...I don't think I've ever had a choice of ciders before. The staff is very pleasant but the space is too small to accommodate all of the people who want to eat here! The bar fills up quickly and then there is little space to wait. In any case, we went here earlier this week and it was hopping at 6ish. We waited about 30 minutes for a table. I got the mussels, which were excellent and the Belgian frites were to die for! Unfortunately, they served the mussels with only a tiny crust of bread. When we asked for more, to sop up all of that delicious broth, we were informed that since Madison Sourdough Bread Company was closed, they did not have any fresh bread. Mussels without an endless bread basket is pretty much sacrilegious- they should have ordered ahead or bought other baguettes. Seriously. My brother and his family also received very odd bread selections with their meals- hamburgers on rye toast, for example. Not cool. Other than the bread issues, though, this is a very sophisticated, European-feeling pub that is not at all pretentious.
This place is fantastic. Nice atmosphere. Never had anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious. The steak et frites is worth every penny. They'll typically give you two sides of aioli with the frites -- one standard garlic aioli (still extremely good) as well as some special flavor that they've put together for the day.
Yet another entree in Madison's ever-expanding "locally-grown-fare" venues, Brasserie V has been around long enough to establish itself as a leading contender in face of up-and-comers like Graze and Nostrano. My experience here was along the lines of "come for the beer, stay for the food", in that the menu is of mixed interest. By and large, you're going to choose between sandwiches or entrees. The former consists of variations on a theme usually involving some combination of avocados and aioli. Certainly fresh and tasty, but not great. Entrees are of the rustic, comfort-food variety. I had the pork belly with cheddar mash and peanut sauce . . . very flavorful but the pork was a little dry. The hit of the evening was the beefy Carbonnade Flamande, quite tender and succulent. The frites here are renowned, but I found them overly salty and far from the melt-in-your-mouth delights you get at Graze. 

But the star here is the beer list, the most complete (to the point of overwhelming) selection of Belgian ales anywhere in Madison. And for those intimidated by such esoterica, there are still plenty of local brews to choose from (the Oso Wisconsin porter I had was delicious). Atmosphere on a Saturday night was crowded and boisterous; obviously a lot of neighborhood regulars hold this place in high esteem. We'll want to go back, particularly for the burgers, but I'm still looking for the perfect farm-fresh venue in Madison.
There are two things wrong with BV: 1. you can't order a gin martini (only beer and wine), and 2. it is super small so any trip there will inevitably require a wait.  So why 5 stars? Because everything else is so phenomenal that these two things seem piddly by comparison.   They more than make up for the lack of a full bar with a great wine selection and even better beer selection.  And enjoying one or both of each makes the wait less onerous ;)  The food is always creative, prepared perfectly with only the best ingredients.  The service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable and professional.  

I know I said there were only two things wrong with BV, but really there are 3.  It's located in Madison, and I live in Milwaukee.
My husband ordered a monk's cafe flemish sour, unbelievable flavor.  but I went with the chateau magence graves from bordeaux france. Ahi tuna was a good blend and the v burger was excellent. Tuscan soup today was ok taste.  Not too busy at 2:15 pm.  Fun to sit by the window when it's warm.
Haven't had the food.  But good heavens, have you seen the beer list?! One of these days I'm going to have to try the sliders, but until then, their beer list will continue to make me thirsty.  This is THE go-to place for beer lovers in Madison who aren't physically near the Malt House.
Very warm friendly vibe, maybe to 8% ABV adds to this?
Like many other reviewers it seems, I left Brasserie V really impressed. First off, my son and i had really good food--a V burger and mussels and fries that were outstanding. Secondly, a really tasty belgian beer that I don't remember the name of-I'm more of a wine guy than a beer guy but this beer was outstanding. The Bartender/Server (we ate at the bar) was generous enough to pour me 4 small glasses of 4 different beers so that i could pick one i liked--again--I'm not a beer expert. But, I found the beer i liked and it was absolutely delicious. Best of all though, our server was a true gentleman. He gave my son great insight on UW (we were in Madison to tour the campus). His kindness and attention capped off the dinner. Bottom line--great food-great atmosphere-superb staff!! Can't wait to return.
Brasserie V is very small and does not take reservations, so expect to wait for a table.  It's more of a bar than a bistro.  Food is fresh and good.  Had an excellent fresh salad, followed by the mussels and fries.  Portions are large.  We shared a salad, and after that, I was unable to finish the mussels.  The fries are great and abundant, and the two of us couldn't finish them.  (My husband chose to share my fries which he liked better,than the boiled potatoes served with his fish.). Earlier in the week, I had the mussels at Graze, and much preferred their interesting broth.  I wanted to like Brasserie V more than I did, because I'm a real fan of locally grown produce.  If they took reservations, I'd give it another try.
The food is amazing, especially the moules frites. Arguably better than what I had in Belgium. The beer selection is good (considering that I just got back from Belgium yesterday, this is a compliment).

The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about Belgian ales. They helped my wife and I learn the ropes and build our Belgian ale vocabulary. They also helped us plan our time in Belgium with tips on where to go, what to see and what to try.

B5 is first on my list of where to go for authentic Belgian food and beer, beating out Chicago contender Hopleaf.
Thanks to yelp reviews and few others, we went to Brasserie V and it was fun/good all round.  Sure there's a wait, yet we planned for that and the Los at he bar were great.  He took great care o us until our tale was ready.  Mussels were relish, beer on tap fantastic, then the main course. The fish was great, as was the pasta and the burger was very good, medium rare.  Overall, it is a place for  great beer or wine and burgers, or something much more.  Here's raising an awesome beer on tap to a comfortable, friendly joint. Yum,M
I would give this place 5 stars if only they served liquor. They have an incredible list of beers though. The food is excellent for the price. Moules frites are some of the best in town. Chef Rob takes a lot of pride in assuring consistency. Some of the best sandwiches I've ever had are the Caprese and the Portabella mushroom sandwich. They have an assortment of aioli's that are to die for. Service is always friendly and attentive. Don't be shy to ask for any other aioli's on the menu that day to accompany the frites.
I don't know why Yelp has this place listed as being French.  This is classic Belgian food.  There is no question about that.

I went with the classic moules frittes.  And I was not at all disappointed.  The mussels were not overcooked and the the broth used to steam them was garlicky and rich.  The fries were hot and salty and came to the table in the classic funnel shaped server.  I started with something that was described by our server as clam stew, but it tasted more like Manhattan style calm chowder than stew.  It was good, but not spectacular.

My wife ordered an ample and beautiful frisee salad as her appetizer and the arctic char as her main dish.  The char came in two very large thick pieces and I am told it was spectacular.

We both tried different Belgian triples and the beer menu at this place was huge with lots of choice and this gave one the opportunity to compare similar types fro different purveyors.  The beers we ordered were delivered with glasses from the particular breweries they came from and they were terrific beers.  They were not cheap, but they certainly were good.

The meal came with nicer toasty sourdough bread which was a nice touch.

Unfortunately we had quite a long wait to be seated, and the place was packed when we arrived, while we ate and when we left.  In an area of town with lots of trendy places to eat, that this place was so packed and had so many diners waiting is an indication of how popular it is.

The next time I go back to Madison, I will go back here.
Wow, I'm in love with a restaurant. We came for the impressive selection of Belgian Ales and were utterly amazed by the food.
My finance and I were on Monroe and starving. I heard great things about this place. We walked up and no one was there. We decided to sit at the front window. Great little place we thought. Ordered our food. And waited, as people piled into the restaurant, everyone working was super attentive and kind. Directing people to the few tables that were left, they were efficient and quite lovely. After waiting for what seemed like forever, I had to use the restroom. 

This should have been my first sign. Not only did the bathroom stink to high heaven, but shit was falling off the walls. It was dirty and quite nasty. I felt like I would never escape or be the same after that bathroom. But you really can't judge a place on the bathroom. Right?

We heard the chef bell ring multiple times and each time reared our heads like Pavlovian dogs. Finally, our food came. I ordered an avocado blt. I immediately tore into it, and it was fantastic! Nueske's bacon, perfect amount of everything. Just perfect. Until...yikes what is this...a hair! Eieeeiei!!! 

If there is one thing I cannot handle in my food it is hair. So I slowly pulled it out and showed my finance. He knows me, so he said please do not puke right here. I held it together and put it in my napkin. I knew I would not eat another bite. Then suddenly as he was devouring his food, he sees it, not just one but two hairs. He decided to keep eating, yes it was that good. He ate around them. He left the hairs to show the waitress. When he pulled them out they were so long and cooked entirely with the food, I had to excuse myself because I was gagging so hard. 

Previous to finding not one, but many hairs in our food on both dishes, we were discussing how this could be our new go-to place for yum. After that, well I cannot eat there again.  I would recommend the restaurant investing in some hairnets. Their food is good, but not hair worthy. The waitress was a sweetheart about it, and I appreciate that. I would recommend it only if you don't mind what you may find in your food.
Went to Brasserie V last year and it was awesome. Came back this year and our experience was quite disappointing.  The quality of food was not up to par. My fish was underdone. My husband's duck was chewy and muscular. Doubt i will return and if so, it would probably just before the muscles.
These guys know Belgium beer.  They are not fooling around.  They also serve the mussels and fries just like they do in Belgium.  NICE. The food was great, service was spot on and the beer selection was the best I've seen (for Belgium beers).   If you LOVE Belgium beer or just want to pretend like your in Belgium for the night you must try this quaint little bar with excellent food.  

We started with the cheese plate - all local Wisconsin Cheese - 3 types of local cheeses, all were great.  We paired that with a Corsendonk Angus and Blanch de Brussels.  

I had the Mussels with fries, the fries came with 2 rocking dipping sauces.  The mussels were great, cooked perfectly in a classic wine, garlic sauce.  My husband had the poached egg (sans the ham) and it was really a nice plate.  Perfectly poached egg on a bed of greens with Parmesan foam - Yes, Parmesan foam.  We paired this with Monk's Café Flemish Sour which was AMAZING and Lefebvre Hopus.  We ended the night with a 750ml bottle of 
Artisinal du Flo Cuvee du Flo. 

OK - theses guys do not play around with the beers, all the classic Belgium beers and some I've never had or seen in California.  If you find yourself in Madison, WI you have to find this place.
Love this place. Great beer and great food. The location is awesome for before or after Badger games.
I have found this place to be overall really great. Not giving anything more than three stars though because a friend ordered the risotto and it was really salty and like soup. Risotto should be creamy, not watery - seems pretty basic. Either way, great selection of beer, good service, good mussels and burgers too. I am sure we will be back at some point.
By way of an update, I went for sliders night; amazingly high-quality beef in those little bundles of joy.  I'm very happy that I can now highly recommend Brasserie V for both dinner and libations.
Great for lunch.  Love the burgers, frites, and croque monsieur.  Had a delicious chocolate mousse with candied almond slivers.  There is a great variety on the menu without being overwhelming.  I have come for dinner twice.  The first time I left because it was too packed.  The second I stayed.  It is quite small and gets very busy and bustling.  If you like that vibe, come try some great beers.  I will stick to the lunch.
My favorite place in Madison. It's a good departure from the standard Wisconsin fare of burgers and cheese curds. 

I have been here about three times and have tried the moules et frites, duck breast, and the whole fish (it's seasonal, I think). Moules are standard (i.e., good) and frites are thin-cut and great. The duck breast has a citrus flavor and comes in a delicious sauce. There is also a large beer selection. Service is friendly and prompt. Prices are very reasonable. Portions are relatively generous. 

Weekend nights are crowded, but never more than a half hour to forty-five minute wait for me. 

The ambience is good for both couples and small groups.
Brasserie V - what does the V stand for? My most recent vice.

My criteria for a good restaurant (in order of importance):
1. Beer
2. Food
3. Service

WARNING: This place is hopping, so be ready for a wait, but it's well worth it!

The beer selection is phenomenal.  Belgian beers are infinitely complex and notoriously delicious.  Add to that an entire book of beer choices and you have an impossible decision to make. Luckily, Brasserie V's staff is knowledgeable and friendly, ready to help you make such a critical decision.

The food is SOOOO GOOOOOOD. I have never had anything I didn't love here.  Moules, frites, burgers, chicken or tuna salad sandwiches at lunch - variety with quality. I'm actually on their wifi right now, writing this review, and eating tonight's special: a burger with egg, crimini and oyster mushrooms, and rosemary and truffle bernaise sauce on sourdough. Only $13! Oh shit. The guy next to me just got the duck breast with door county cherries and red wine sauce. I guess I have to come back tomorrow.

The service: this is why I'm a regular. I live nearby and the staff is so much fun that I'm content to hang out at the bar and chat them up for a few hours while they endow me with sample upon sample of whatever 4 new beers they have on tap this week.
I've gone to Brasserie V many times.  The service is always great, the food is excellent (they have one of the best burgers I've ever tasted the V2 burger).  It can get a little warm, especially if you're in the back, but overall it's amazing.  They have literally a BOOK of all of the beers they offer.  And if you know nothing about beer, they'll ask you what you normally drink, and they'll find a fun one for you.  It's very personalized service, excellent desserts, and I love it.

As for the other complaints about space.... they're expanding into the old Premiere Couture next door so they'll be getting bigger!!!  Yay!!!  More Brasserie V!!!!

And a requirement, you MUST get the frites.  $4 for a cone with two different aiolis that change every night.  Best fries in Madison (we went fry hopping -- as opposed to bar hopping-- and tested all the fries in madison, these won, hands down).
You're likely to score when you hit up Monroe Street, but this place abuses the privilege. The best offering at Brasserie V is definitely the beer selection: they have about 12 on tap every day plus plenty of bottles. They have quite the selection of wine too.

Food's pretty good, modern American and quite tasty. The caprese sandwich was quite good, as were the truffle frites. 

Perfect for a first date or happy hour, definitely hit it up!
Good food, looooooooooooong wait. 

Be prepared to wait for a table, then wait for a drink, then wait for your food. 

The food and drink are good, but you're going to wait. I'm talking 30-45 minutes to get in, then 30-45 minutes for your food.
Just went here the other night. Solid food. Awesome Belgian beer.
Great food, incredible beer selection.
Well, all-frite then.

I don't know the last time I had  fries, pardon me, FRITES (as I was corrected when I *gasp* accidentally called them frites. Shame on me) like this. And by like this I mean, "How fast can I get these in my mouth and is it embarrassing to want to lick the bowl of the remoulade sauce that came with them?"

The beer selection is unlike most in Madison (which in my book gives them a big-ups).  I had the La Trappe WitteTrappist which was light beer (in my book anyway) made with wheat hops, and my dinner date had the Topling Goliath Brown Sugar which was a more complex beer with almond and chocolate notes. 

Besides the gut-busting batch of frites my dinner date and I inhaled, we each had a solid dinner as well, with my date going with the pork shoulder (yumz) and myself (the faux-vegetarian) going with the standard burger. After trying the pork shoulder and eating my burger, I have to wonder, why do I rarely consume meat? Maybe the two dishes consumed here were incredibly delicious, but I am re-thinking my self-imposed limit on animal flesh.

The pork shoulder was tender and cask that it came out in was appropriately hot. The pork shoulder was seasoned to perfection and the sauce that it was simmering was divine. The burger I had was cooked just how I like  my medium burgers to be prepared, and the aioli sauce that was served along with the burger was flawless as well.

The cons to my evening, parking. I feel like everyone always defaults to "but its __________street though". In this case, I want to say, "Yea, but that's Monroe Street though". Which is where it is located, but parking is disgusting around there. Especially when there is packed snow and ice everywhere.  Even at 8 pm on a Sunday night, be prepared to hike. And potentially fall on your keister. Evidently living near Monroe street entitles you to not to have to shovel your sidewalks. The other thing to make mention is that the hostess seemed either a bit confused, or flustered. The place was crowded but she seemed overwhelmed. We were told 30-40 min wait so we went to grab a beer. She found us, told us we'd have a table in 5-10 min. She walked 5 steps away from us, turned out, then came right back and said there was a table right now. I am not complaining about being seated right away, but a bit more organization would have been nice. I wouldn't have minded sitting at the bar consuming a delicious beer anyway. 

I'll be back. If for nothing else, the beer and the fries. Darn it. Frites.
Tuesday night sliders!  My friend took me here while I was visiting Madison.  Sat on the newly-expanded side of the bar and had a great experience.  Knowledgable bartenders helped us choose the perfect Belgium beer to accompany my sliders on a chilly, February night.  Loved the pairings and unique presentation of our food.  (We also ordered a couple of salads and lentil soup.)  Will definitely come here again when back in Mad-town!
So me and a group of friends went to BrasserieV about 2 weeks ago. It was great, once I found the place (I don't blame them though, parking in this town is unpleasant on a good day). We did have to wait a while for a table because they don't take reservations. We did sit down however, and received excellent service from Courtney, who put up with out overworked and tired customer service shenanigans. We sampled several appetizers (pretty much everything except the muscles, and that's because we only wanted two) and they were good. I had the soup of the day and it was excellent (sorry, I just remember liking the soup, not what it was). I also had several of their loose leaf oolong teas, and was quite pleased to the point of buying it un-brewed just to take home with me. Our only problem with the service is that the were so busy that people other that Courtney bringing us our food, some things got to the wrong people at first, but that's understandable.

My burger was amazing. Yeah, a bit expensive for a burger, but it was extremely tasty. I ordered it medium, and seriously, the cooking of this burger was the epitome of medium. Seasoned great, it was probably within my top 20 burgers of all time (and I eat a lot of burgers).

I don't remember the name my dessert, but it was like a cream puff pastry stuffed with ice cream and drizzled with chocolate. It was sinfully good.

Again, service was great. Food was great. Please start taking reservations. Looking forward to returning again!

    Visited February 2013
I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pretty impressed. The frites (French fries) are mentioned in a lot of YELP reviews so I had to try them! They do not come on the side for lunch. That said, they were excellent. Probably some of the better French fries in Madison. For my entree I had the Duck Breast Sandwich. The Bread was nice and thick and perfectly toasted. My only complaint with the sandwich was that the duck breast was quite rare for a sandwich and it made it a little chewy. Other than that, the service was great, the beer selection is awesome, and I would give it a try.
This is the second time we visited and the first time since they've expanded into the space next door.  My wife and son and I were at an activity Friday night and stopped in for a late dinner around 9pm.  We were quoted a 30 minute wait and said ok because Brocah was packed.  We had a drink and were seated in around 20 minutes-not bad.

We ordered the soup of the day-a spicy carrot soup- that the waitress raved about.  It was fair at best.  Luke warm and not very flavorful-certainly not spicy. We started with some frites that were great and gobbled up. 

 I ordered the beef stew (Carbonnade Flamande) and my wife got the trout.  My beef stew had about 5 dry, unseasoned chunks of meat in it with some red potatoes that were undercooked in a broth that looked and tasted like water and beef boullion.  

My wife's trout was about a 3 oz. piece that also had no seasoning on top of hard lentils with no sauce.  Luckily my son gave me a bite of his mini burger that was pretty good.  I already had a beer and some wine so we asked for the check and paid our $77.00 tab.

Bottom line: Go if you enjoy Belgium beer and stick with the burger and frites.
After reading all of the positive reviews on this place I thought it would be a nice place to take my boyfriend fore his birthday, turns out I was wrong. We didn't have to wait long to sit down but once we did the experience quickly became disappointing. We had received and finished our appetizer before even getting our drinks! I even went to the bar after waiting about 15 minutes and was stopped by the server who said she would bring them right out but then we still waited another 10 minutes. I had the water trout which was alright, the fish itself was nothing to rave about but everything else was delish. My boyfriend got the duck which was bland and unsatisfying for the $20 price. The only thing we got quickly was the bill. Great beer selections but Im gonna have to say the service and food were lacking quite a bit for the price. Will probably not be returning.
Brasserie V warms my heart.  Any place with frites and Belgian beer has my vote. 

The V is still one of my favorite places in town, but their new space bums me out a bit. They expanded space feasibly doubles the size of the restaurant, but they made the decision to make most of it bar. I was hoping they would put more tables in, but instead they more than doubled the size of the bar. This means my party of 4 had to wait over an hour at 8 pm on a Friday night to get a table. 

I still love the food. The frites and mussels are a must have. The food is usually fresh and tasty. The wait staff is great. The beer selection is fabulous and they have some great special taps. I just wish they would would have used the new space more efficiently.
Frites are crazy good and if you like Moule Frites-forgeddaboutit. Good selection of Belgian Ales and now with a bigger space and dualing bars, you have a good spot to pop in and eat. Nice staff as well, daddy like.
Went there on Saturday for lunch. We sat in the new area to the left. The place was empty but we were sat at this mini two-top in this awkward corner... 

Other than that, the place is great. They have individual serving size bottles of Champagne so its never flat which excited the wife. They also had a huge beer list including Topping Goliath PseudoSue which excited me. 

We got the mussels which were really good. There were tons of them and they were served in a pot on the table (wish we had more room). They came with Belgium frites that were really good but a little soggy...but I think they are supposed to be like that. 

On a whim, I got salad with duck breast on it which was better than I expected. The duck was cooked perfectly. Also a good sized portion but they served it packed in this tiny bowl so it didn't look like much and it was a little hard to eat at first (but we didn't have room for it at our table as it was). 

Two drinks, Mussels and a Salad w/Duck got to $50 a little faster than I thought but I think it was worth it.
We were pleasantly surprised by Brasserie V!  The food we ordered wasn't anything out of the ordinary (Smoked Turkey and V Burger) but both were absolutely fantastic. Everything was well-seasoned, and the portions were right on the mark. The beer selection was great, and the bartender that served us was really helpful and nice. 

Can't wait to go back!
Awesome food and great beer selection. Had the duck & best ever I order duck where ever I can find it all over the world. Beer sampler good if your not familiar with the HUGE beer menu. A little noisy when full but not over bering.
My friends and I went here in a large group without reservations and I felt terrible about ambushing them like that. However, the hostess got us all seated in a timely manner. They have a great selection of cider for gluten-sensitive folks like myself. 

We ordered fondue and the server brought me a plate of carrots to dip in the cheese, which was actually pretty good. My friend ordered the frites and we dipped those in the fondue too.

I wasn't too hungry after all of that fondue, but I also got a cup of the most delicious spinach artichoke soup. Seriously awesome. I also got this frisee salad that was kind of hard to eat and not really worth it. Oh well! It was still a great night.
Amazing selection of beers. The prices are all over the place but you will find something you like. The bartender was very helpful in giving samples and recommendations. The frites were amazing; the aioli dip moreso. Then we sat down for lunch. Everyone's dishes were tasty; except that my father was given a burger that was cooked on the outside but literally raw on the inside. We sent it back but they stuck the whole plate, including the greens, in the microwave so that everything was soggy when it came back. His dish was eventually free but had they given him a fresh dish so he would have had an edible meal, I'd give the place 4 stars.
I feel like I sent my teenager to college.
Like I walked my oldest daughter down the aisle. 
She's all grown up...
...and I'm thrilled I can say, "I knew her when." 

Back when she was a few tables and a neighborhood bar. Back when servers were speedy and bartenders had stellar beer recs. Back when the only thing to stave my hunger was pretty much the best burger in town. Back when frites were fierce and sauces to dip them in were stupendous. 

Here's the thing though, that's still the case even after the expansion! Bring on the burgers, the frites, those incredible mussels swimming in a butter connection I'm afraid to know too much about. Bring on the friendly staff that make you feel like family and Andrea and Matt that always greet me with a smile. Bring on a crazy amount of Belgians in bottles (I'm talking 200 at any given time). And bring on what I think has the coolest atmosphere for grabbing grub with friends on Monroe Street.

Sometimes when a restaurant gets too big for its own good by knocking down walls, polishing up original tile flooring and installing a beautiful wood bar that frames the stunning beer coolers nicely it can flop. But not here. Brasserie V was ready, and I'm not certain how they did it so seamlessly, but the transition to a world with additional seating was smooth. I want to say it has something to do with the folks in black (the ones that work there) that jump, no dive in head first, willing to do whatever it takes to make experiences memorable for folks like me that knew her when.
I love any place that is amenable to the small plate, which this place does. My date and I got to share all of our courses. All of the flavors here were excellent. The primary criticism of this place is that the dishes came out lukewarm. Everything we tasted was excellent but not necessarily hot. The biggest disappointment on that front was receiving lukewarm gougères. Bread products (like soup) should always be piping hot.
This is a neighborhood restaurant at it's best. Great food, ambience, and service. The expansion means seating and space are rarely an issue, yet they have maintained their high standards. One of our favorite venues in Madison.
Looking for beer? This is the best spot in town!! With hundreds of choices, you'll not be starved for decision. My favorites are belgian beers like Chimay Blue, Duvel, and fruit beers that taste like sparkling wine! The local new glarus beer is also really tasty!

Are you hungry? No worries. this place is the best in town for Belgian frites. double fried, done right every single time as said by the boss. Also the soups and V burger is also a hit. If you're just looking for bar food, the sliders are really tasty as well. I also like the truffle fries, but if I had to pick, the Belgian frites are my favorite! ^.^

They also often do alot of beer tasting, probably once a month. Very fun activity. 

The space was recently expanded, there's more bar space and a few more tables. If you're there with just a friend, sit at the bar! They serve the full menu there as well! If you wanna go there in a group, it might be hard unless you're there before 6pm. 

Frites, great beer. And a great selection of French wine as well! What more can you ask for :)
I have a girlie crush on this place.  It's the perfect spot for a quite night out. We have friends who like to go here with us and it's always fun b/c we share our plates and always have the best time.  We get the steak, 2 frites & mussels, sometimes a salad and app of choice.  The beer and wine selection is wonderful as well. And, I'm so happy that they have expanded and there is more room now!
I am not too proud to eat crow, updated review. 

Overview: A tasty, reliable, and recently updated local gem. 

Hits: Revolving specials, edited kitchen, solidly trained front of house crew, and locally minded giving back opportunities.   [Thanks to Yelp and Corey D. for the heads up to give them another try.] 

Misses: Heavy hand with salt (but that is a subjective taste issue), inconsistency  with duck skin  around the table (but it was a busy night at a neighborhood bistro...), and a lack of a full liquor license (but wine and beer flow at great prices).  

Hints: Plan giving yourself some wait time at the bar to meet new friends while you wait for a table. (Side note: it is always a good sign for the city and neighborhood when a restaurant is busy...it means our economy is doing better!)  

Bottom line: Visit -- I bet you do it again.
Very good food. Glad they expanded the restaurant. The original version of their burger is much better than the second version. The patty is very flavorful.
A must for Belgian beer lovers. Astounding beer selection with many beers that are difficult to find outside Belgium. No stupid pint glasses. Gastro-pub style food was delicious and well prepared.
The smoked turkey was simply one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever eaten. All the flavors, from the avocado schmear to the lime-chipotle aioli, balance perfectly and transport you to smoky zen.  I was not a fan of the asparagus+artichoke+tomato mishmash served on the side (mealy tomatoes, generally flavorless), but I just left that alone and gave my undivided attention to the sandwich.
Um, first of all, let me say this--$21.00 for unlimited mussels and frites. Are you kidding me?!

We tried all three broths--the awesome classic, the St. Bernardus wit, and the final one made with Jordanal farms sausage. All three were delicious, and excellent.

The frites were fresh, crispy, and delightful. NEVERENDING EVERYTHING.

I'm stuffed. Near the end, we noticed that a lot more of the mussels were closed, rather than open--it's a sign that they were probably cooking them too quickly. That's where the star comes off.

Everything was great, though. I have less than a week left in Madtown, and I'm thrilled Brasserie V was one of the stops.
Let me start off by saying I LOVE this place. But a recent bad experience left a bitter taste in my mouth. Went on 8/17, and was told they had a limited menu based on "kitchen problems." OK, no big deal. As long as there is cheese and beer, I'm good. My date and I wanted to linger and order several courses and beers, but when we ordered, we were forced to order all of our food at once. While we stressed several times that we wanted everything to come separately so we could enjoy the food and beer at our own pace, all of our food came at once, and very shortly after we ordered. Uncool. A table full of cheese, frites, and burgers, getting cold before we could get to it all; not the leisurely dining experience we wanted at all. When we complained, we were told that the dishwasher was broken and they were trying to push food out as quickly as possible. What?? So basically you're telling me you're purposely trying to push customers out the door as quickly as possible? If I wanted fast food, I would've gone to McDonald's. To make matters worse, our waitress immediately took our beer menu away; guess I'm not having another drink? And even though we complained, nothing was done to make it right--nothing comped, no discount, and frankly, a very insincere apology. WTF? Brasserie V?! If "kitchen issues" kept you from providing the quality dining experience I've come to expect from your establishment, you should not have opened.
Tried the mussels in the pot great experience recommended by bartender
He was a fabulous host even spoke French for us and took the time to explain the history of the restaurant and theme and foods. Excellent a must stop.  Oh must try their frites!
Hmm...what is this? Is it a paperweight? A bowling ball? A dumbbell? No, it's Brasserie V's beer menu, which I have to imagine clocks in around 5 lbs. It's very extensive and covers the globe.

So that makes the 4 set beer samplers a really *great* idea. South African mead + German potato beer + Italian IPA. M'kay, I'll expand my palate today. Yup.

Foodwise, I know people complain that it is on the pricey side (true) but they will put duck breast on any dish you ask them too! You have to pay for that kind of duck-heavy service.

I love, love, love the atmosphere. You can never (nope) get a table, so we always sit at the cozy let's-pretend-we-are-in-Belgium bar and people watch. Ooo, look at those hipsters with their Warby Parker glasses. Is that a dad feeding his 7-year-old daughter fries ad aoili? Yep. Ooo, look at the beard on that man who is talking to the bartender about local beer, I think I saw it in Madewell last month. 

So, if vast tracks of beer, duck breast and fun people watching at the bar don't sound like your thing, maybe don't go here. And don't call me, I'll call you (doesn't call you).
Pleasantly surprised.  
The whole family went to try Brasserie V on Friday night.  There was a 20 minute wait, but there was enough room for the kids to sit down and for the parents to have a beer.
Once seated, our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  They have kids meals for $4.95. Well done Brasserie V!  Parents still get to order a special meal and their kids are happy as well.  We ordered V Burgers and a giant bowl of mussels.  Kids meal choices were simple but all good stuff; grilled cheese, spaghetti, etc. with sides.  Even came with a toy too!
V Burgers were just as yummy as the menu exclaimed them to be.  The onions put it over the top for me.  They really hit the mark.  Burger cooked perfectly.  The artichoke side salad was a little bland but we poured some of the mussel broth over it.  Now we're talking.
The mussels were perfect.  My 8 year old mussel connoisseur said they were the best he's had.  There were plenty of the little bivalves in there to keep a person busy for a while.  
The waitress kept the drinks coming, talked to our kids and helped make this first visit a great one.  Everyone wants to come back.  Bravo!
The food is good.  I had two meals, lunch and dinner, and both meals were good.  The atmosphere is nice and I would definitely recommend it to a friend if they were in the area.  

My only problem was the service.  Lunch was good, the bartender/server, Brian, was attentive and did a good job ensuring my meal and experience was enjoyable.  Dinner was a different experience.  There was only a handful of customers, and I suppose when they aren't busy, the employees tend to play.  They gathered in corners to discuss plans, sipped on different beers (good gig- wish I worked here), and made it rather uncomfortable.  

I don't need you to talk with me through my dinner, but I definitely don't want to hear your discussion or have you gather around my side of the bar.  It kind of made me feel like I was at a party that I wasn't invited to.  Awkward.
Long overdue first time here. Awesome frites. Memorable sandwich.   My wife tried a burger and loved it. Impressive beer selection. We'll be back. Great for our kid too.
Wow! I did not expect the special creamy kale soup and Brasserie V Salad to taste as amazing as they did. My husband had the moules et frites which were equally delicious. Others at the table had the kale salad and a smoked turkey sandwich and all raved about them. Great beer and wine selection. Lots of locally sourced foods. My only complaint is the service was a bit slow at times. Overall, an excellent dining spot.
What deserves 3-4 stars:
- The frites and classic mayo dipping sauce are absolutely delicious. Ordering them is a must.
- My warm turkey sandwich was probably on the lower end of 3 stars. It was tasty but not outstanding.
- Good Belgian beer list
- The young male food runner with an accent was absolutely amazing. He deserves 5 stars. He brought out our food and got us silverware when our waiter went completely MIA.

What deserves 1-2 stars:
- Service from waitstaff. We were greeted warmly at first, but then I started to notice some things. Why did everyone get a carafe of water and I'm sipping out of a pint glass crammed with ice? Why did our server not check how our meals were, but came by when we were finished and asked if I wanted more wine?
First time visiting Wisconsin, and by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. 
We had the special on Friday night, the service was quick and extremely professional. The special was delicate beef drenched in a beer-maple sauce, cooked to absolute perfection. 
The cheeseboard we ordered was also quite exceptional, filled with some of the best cheese Wisconsin has to offer. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the area or going to a Badgers game. I'll certainly be back to visit, if not for a game, for the food!
The food is great here and the beer/wine list is expansive. But I noticed a lot of very young children and babies coming through the door. I thought, they must have a tremendous kids menu to warranty so much attention from families. Sure enough, one of the previous reviewers mentioned the kids menu and even a toy they get. What is this, McDonald's? If you love the babble of childish noises with your Belgium beer, step right up. Best of all, the babies crying really carry through the place, due to all the hard surface.
Nice environment. Great food and not a bad price. I'd highly recommend the v burger and the frites appetizer. But the service could have been a little more prompt....
Had a nice lunch here :) Smoked turkey sandwich was delicious and the soups were tasty. Good service and atmosphere.
Crazy beer selection! Frites are really good with beers. They had a holiday drink menu and they were really good! Nice place to hangout with friends.
Not sure what differentiates Belgian cuisine from other cuisines, but if it includes delicious kale-quinoa salad or roasted Brussels Sprouts like those I had at Brassiere V, I will seek it out more often. Truly scrumptious. The downside was that my husband's duck was undercooked. Another interesting aspect of the restaurant is the amazing range of beer offerings. Sadly, I don't like beer; booklet listing them all made fascinating reading, however.
Great beer.  Good atmosphere and very good service.  Good food and reasonable pricez.  Only gets 3 stars because I am a tough grader.
I thought dining here was an interesting experience, although it definitely didn't exceed my expectations.

My wife and I went for lunch on our first visit to Madison together. We started the meal off with some frites and dipping sauce, which were easily the best thing about the meal. As others have mentioned they truly are amazing. On the other hand the rest of the meal was far from spectacular. I ordered the Smoked Salmon BLT and did not enjoy it as much as I expected to. It wasn't very good at all, so I didn't even end up finishing it. My wife got the Caprese, which she liked a little better than I liked my sandwich, but also thought it was a letdown after the appetizer.

The service was decent, but I don't remember anything special about it. The restaurant feels kind of cozy though and the Belgian theme is neat, so I wouldn't mind coming back again. Next time I visit I may just come in to get some of those frites as a snack! They were so good!
Throwing itself into the solid 4-star category, Brasserie V does a fine job, a good job even, of providing a cool atmosphere with a good alcohol selection and even decent prices for burgers and sandwiches. All very cool ingredients and said burger is even delicious to boot! So wa-cha to that! 

Stop there, and you'll be happy. Get the truffle fries, and you'll wonder why you bothered. Get the entrees, and they'll be delicious too, though you'll also wonder why you paid twice as much as a sandwich.

A cool place that I wouldn't be mind finding myself in again.
Cozy interior. Inviting atmosphere. Reminiscent of a mod wine cellar. 

The frites are excellent. Go for the white truffle and parmesan frites with black pepper and mushroom aiolis. Those were promptly devoured. 

If you're looking for a lighter appetizer option that delivers just as much fresh flavor, try the summer tomatoes with roasted garlic, fresh mozzarella, and balsamic vinaigrette. Yum.


As for entrees, we ordered:
Beef Barley Soup

Steak-frites...12oz flat iron steak, cabernet pan sauce, braised greens

Croque monsieur... nueske's applewood smoked ham, swiss, honey mustard & tomato w. cucumber and red onion

V burger...dry aged highland ground beef topped with beer battered onion straws, muenster cheese, spinach, tomato & aioli 

Avocado blt...on Madison Sourdough bread with pub chips

Grilled duck leg a l'orange...sweet roasted onions, citrus jus, garden to be greens


Every dish was wonderfully flavorful and I'd recommend each one.
This is my favorite place to go for beer--the only place I can get a La Chouffe Beer in Madison.  Have the frites!  The soups change frequently and are excellent.  I have had almost every entrée on the menu and I have not been disappointed yet.  

Only drawback is that it gets a little noisy-and they do not take reservations, so on a Thursday through Saturday, you need to get there early, or take a seat at the bar.
One of the few menus that I crave regularly.  Also one of the few restaurants that is consistently putting out good food.

Their aiolis are great and come with the frites and one (or both?) of their burgers.  Seriously, the frites are just a vessel to eat more aioli.  In fairness, the actual frites are good.

The croque monsieur is delicious. I wish I could recreate it at home!   I had a spectacular chocolate mousse dessert with candied almond slivers that was indulgent without being too sweet.  Don't overlook their dessert menu!
I can't speak for too many things on the menu here, as every time I've been here I'm seduced by the moules et frites. They aren't my favorite rendition in town, but they are deliciously, classically prepared, with plenty of golden, crispy fries (which will inevitably be snitched by your dining companions who've made other choices). On our last visit we also indulged in the cheese board, and the only problem with that is having to choose which of the many cheese selections to include (my favorite was the Ewe Calf to be Kidding). Of course, for the beer drinkers, there is a long list to choose from, but for those of us who prefer wine, the selection isn't half bad, either.
Brasserie V is pretty similar to the other modern, trendy dining locations in Madison.

The atmosphere is hip and lively, the food is wholesome and delicious (I'm looking at you, white truffle fries, pork ribs and duck breast), the wait inevitable and the prices fair.

However, what really makes this place stand out among the rest is their drinks menu. And by menu, I mean a short book. Yes, they basically have pages on pages on pages of the different kinds of brew they serve. I don't care if you're the most picky person on this planet when it comes to beer, but you WILL find something you like.

If you couldn't already tell, I'm a huge fan of their brew selection. Some of my favorites: Rochefort 10, Malheur, Schloss Eggenberg Samichlaus and the Konig Pilsener. And if you don't recognize any of these beers, then this place has definitely done their job correctly. 

Come here for the food, but stay for the draaanks!!
Amazing beer menu, great food, and I just love the atmosphere. The staff is very  attentive as well. I've been at Brasserie V only twice so far but plan to come back again soon. I do wish they would take reservations but at least they have two bars and the window seating to accommodate for a busy night.
Am I a poor college kid? Yes. Was I willing to splurge on beer and white truffle oil fries at Brasserie V? Hell yes.

With one of the widest selections of Belgian beers (and obscure, great beers in general), Brasserie V is a great choice for beer drinkers with discerning taste. Their normal French fries seemed delicious, but we sprung for the white truffle oil fries and it was SO WORTH IT. It's like eating happiness. Trust me.
I don't drink beer or eat meat, so I'm clearly missing the draw of this place. I like that they have Lindemans, but I don't think it is a great compliment to say a place has amazing frites (do people realize this just French for fries?). Yes, there are good fries and bad fries, but it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know how to smoke good ones (hint: start with whole potatoes, cut them). The chickpea appetizer was so oddly chewy, it gave me lockjaw. I don't like that you can't sit at a table unless you are ordering a meal, as sitting at the bar isn't conducive if you are with more than one person. It will take good company to get me back in here, as the food alone isn't going to do it.
This place specializes in grilled sandwiches and fancy Belgian beer. It is always busy and for very good reasons: Fine (and sometimes rare) beers, excellent food, and fast, friendly service. My favorites: mussels and frites, any sandwich (seriously, any sandwich), their Belgian-style burgers (caution: they use aoli). Five stars, no question.
I'm not a beer fan, but they have a list that will force you to find a favorite :-) I usually sneak in here for a quick lunch. I love their frites with aoli and  smoked turkey sandwich. Frites are perfectly fried Belgium fries served with 2 delicious aoli dips. The smoked turkey sandwich is delicious...like a party in your mouth.  I tried the V burger once - it was ok, nothing special.

This place is a must visit. My favorite bar in Madison, so far;-)
This is a gem in Madison. The food is always delicious and the service quick and friendly.
A special shout-out to lunch here! They have a full menu but you can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup for $7. This is homemade gourmet "Belgian" food. 
I had the smoked turkey with bacon, avocado and red-onion on sourdough sandwich; there was a great spicy mayo in there too. Plus a cup of the spicy Crawfish soup. YUUUM. Happy girl on a cold winter day. Or was it the glass of Pinot Grigio that made me happy?
I have also tried the BLT and the smoked salmon sandwich too. All fantastic.

If you have not tried their V (vee) burger- you must. as well as the moules/mussels (flown in every day).

You may have noticed, I resisted the frites (just watching the winter waistline)-- but YOU should get them. They are PERFECT.

As other reviews note- it can get very busy at dinner time- so plan accordingly.
You guys deserve 6 stars for the beer. Very knowledgeable, and one day I hope to get through 3 pages worth of beer on the list before it changes - doubt that is happening anytime soon. But a great place to stick to favorites, explore diverse tastes and be experimental with beer! Food is also good, so a plus. 
My favorite though, is to sit by the bar with H and explore the beer menu. 
A big shout out to the guys behind the bar - very friendly and helpful, plus you get most shots into the cork container!
Brasserie V has an enormous beer list that focuses on Belgian beers and obscure beers (although they have some of the usual suspects, too). The bar staff are super knowledgeable and can help you out if you have any questions. 

Brasserie also happens to have the best frites in Madison and a super flexible lunch and dinner menu. If you just want a sandwich and a water, you can get out for under $10. If you want to go big, there are plenty of options for that, too. 

The only downside to Brasserie is that it gets pretty busy at night, especially later in the week. They recently expanded, which has helped quite a bit, and there's often space at the bar. If you're headed there on a Friday at dinner time, though, expect to wait--especially if you've got a group.
We were there on 4-20 in the afternoon and 2 of us had the Seafood Rice soup. WTF???? How is is possible to make a soup so bland??? Did you break into a hospital & steal their soup recipes???? I haven't recently had surgery, I can handle spices... I swear!!!!  It wasn't just me, my cousin felt the same way. It was like cloudy water with 1 tiny shrimp and occasional carrots.

I also had the half a sandwich of turkey which I think when I said hold the dressing also meant hold the turkey. It had all the fixings and 1 tiny piece of lonely turkey. I was sad to eat it because it looked so tiny and fragile. 

My husband ordered the full sized turkey sandwich and wasn't quite sure what he got but he found it delicious enough not to say anything about it till after the meal.

We had the mussels and they were excellent with a superb taste (clearly not made by the person making hospital soup). Our server was also excellent, friendly, funny and on top of everything, so it was a bit confusing.
The beer selection is amazing! They have specific glassware from the maker for every beer I have had there. The mussels are really good and come with a huge thing of frites. Definitely have to share unless you are starving. The bartenders are really good with selections if you are overwhelmed by the 4-5 page beer list. They have some of the common beers from around town but I find it much more exciting to get a little adventurous. I highly recommend trying one of the two sour beers listed. I had bigger expectations for the goat cheese salad and it almost pushed me to a three star but I realized we didn't go there for a salad we went for the beer, mussels, and deviled eggs! All of which were spot on!
How have I not written a review for "The V" yet??? I've been here for a Yelp Elite event and many times as a plain 'ole civilian - every experience has been superb.

+ The new addition adds much needed and greatly appreciated space/elbow room

+ Love the chalkboards that share food specials and sources
+ Speaking of specials, they seem to run special deals several nights of the week, so be sure to check for them

+ The beer. Ermergahd - so much beer. Beautiful, lovely, diverse, beer. I don't know how many regions of the world are represented in their beer menu, but it has to outnumber the number of countries in NATO.

+ The frites. Legendary. Crispy, flavorful, and always perfect. Buttermilk chive aioli? Yes, please, and I normally hate aioli.

+ The mussels. Legendary + 1. 

+ The sandwiches. Perfectly griddled bread, topped with high quality ingredients, proportioned and positioned to compliment each other without overwhelming one another. Yum. The turkey sandwich, with its avocado, onion, tomato and lime aioli (see? there it is again - I normally hate the stuff, but it's so good here)... 

+ The staff, especially when sitting at the bar, is outstanding. Friendly, incredibly knowledgeable and helpful - what more could you ask for?

+ Pricing is very reasonable. We had a flight of beers (samplers), an appetizer, two bottles of beer, two sandwiches with add-on sides, and dessert. We spent less than we did at Liliana's the previous night (a nightmare of a last visit) and enjoyed ourselves 1000x more.

+ The beer. Seriously. 
+ They also have great wines.
+ And cheese boards.

Ok, I'm done. 
+ But really, the beer. Wow.
3.5 star. 

I would like to diverge from previous stellar reviews on Brasserie V. It is a good restaurant. Definitely the best place for moules, frites, and Belgian beers in Madison. No question it is doing well on these aspects. But there is much for Brasserie V to improve. 

I have lived in Brussels for a period of time, so I am particularly thrilled that Brasserie V offers me an opportunity to reminisce my good old times. The beer selection is really comprehensive. You can even get lambic beer here! Really a gem if you are a beer fan. 

The entrees were less impressive. We had Moules et Frites, Black Cod, Duck Confit, and Angel Hair pasta. 

As many have mentioned, moules and frites are good. But maybe I am biased by my previous food experience, I thought the moules are good, but I expect more from a restaurant. This might due the inland geography of Wisconsin, making it difficult to source the best quality mussels. I have had much better mussels elsewhere. Fries are good. But after being to a pig in a fur coat, I hesitate to call this the best fries in Madison. That said, I still Moules+frites is the best entree we ordered. 

Duck and cod are standard, but the portion is on the small side. I am not sure about the idea of having pasta in a broth, thus not a fan of the angel hair I ordered

I have experienced inconsistent service. Had a great conversation with a bartender in my first visit last year, but in second visit, i did not sense hospitality from the waitstaff.

With $30+ per person bill, I think Brasserie V is slightly overpriced. 

I still like the place, and hope for better experience in my next visit. Hopefully by then I would update my review to a 4 or 5 star.
We popped in here for a few drinks after dinner.  So I have yet to eat here.  However, I can not wait!

The service was impeccable.  The bartenders were fun, knowledgeable and fun to converse with.  

The beer list was amazing!  PAGES upon PAGES!  Decent prices for the beers as well.  A half liter for a German doppelbock was $6!  Wow!  

I had an Augustiner Helles which is nearly impossible to find in the states.  They have the glasses that match the beer and just overall delicious options.  Ciders?  Try the six pear ciders they have in bottles.
We were outrunning a derecho in my 2004 Saturn Ion, coming from Iowa County in the west.  Madison, home to a phenomenal restaurant scene, was where we stopped for lunch.

Brasserie V was open a little later in the afternoon on a Monday in June.  It had a super deep beer list, featuring not only Wisconsin's finest, but also many rare Belgian beers.  The frites were calling.

The frites here are perfect vehicles (unlike Saturn Ions) for the herby mayo and aoili that accompany them.  I also had a rich pastrami reuben with acidic apple salad.  Then we had to get back in the car to race the storm.

Brasserie V is one of Madison's great neighborhood restaurants.
Great frites and aioli . I eat lunch here weekly since I work nearby. The avocado BLT  is my favorite . They have great soups as well. They do not have hard liquor but they do have a huge assortment of beer and a decent assortment of wine. Hubby loves Belgian beer so he loves this place. Great and friendly service.