This Stac Polly location is much smaller than the other two that they have but it is the most quaint and intimate of the three. We did go to the other locations as we really liked our experience at Stac Polly and each location offers different menu options.

Three of us ordered the seared Lythe fillet, two minute steak and chicken skewers. They were prepared in various different ways and each compliment their respective dishes quite well. The same can be said of their dessert offerings too. A trio of bavarois, parfait and treacle sponge were presented all nice like but quickly devoured as they looked and tasted very good. The treacle sponge served with butterscotch sauce was the hands down dessert for sure.

We were also lucky to be served by the owner of this establishment so we didn't have far to go to relay the pleasure we had at his restaurant. This will be the one place I'll definitely put back on my must go list when I return to Edinburgh.
This is a lovely restaurant in a great location, just outside the city centre. The food is really lovely too - I had  the chicken skewers too and they were marinated to perfection and had a lovely aromatic taste to them. Although I didn't have desert, my brother told me that his ice cream sorbet was delicious and he asked for a second portion! I think he only did this because I was footing the bill, but it was his birthday afterall.
I'm with Rafael on this one, I'll definitely be back!
A great modern Scottish restaurant in every respect, scrummy food at scummy prices.

It's a crying shame, because when you breakdown the ingredients of each meal, you really can't constitute the £20 price of a main. I don't care how free range or local the meat was (it tasted the same as anything else).

Where this place really shines though is the creativity of the chef. Dishes come out looking like photos from a high class cook book and the portions are decent.

Great if you can afford it.
Stac Polly is one of the classiest Scottish restaurants in Edinburgh, and a jolly good one at that. 

It's been on Edinburgh's cuisine scene for over two decades, and does Scottish food with a contemporary edge. Its restaurants specialise in comfortable yet formal dining. 

This one on St Mary's is no exception. An intimate size, it's a nice place to escape for a family dinner and have a natter for a few hours. With its light decor and clean cut table decor, it's upmarket without being too flashy. It manages to cut the fine line between homely and modern.

Their menu is full of rich dishes with all the trimmings. Expect hearty steaks, pork loins and haggis. Generous portions of heartwarming but healthy Scottish food will be sure to put some colour on your cheeks.

It's fairly expensive and upper crust dining. But the quality is kept to a hugely high standard. It's relaxed enough for you to chill out and enjoy your meal, and although the food looks fancy it's not too high brow to alienate fussier eaters or kids. Absolutely lovely, a great mixture of all that is great about Scottish restaurants. The best part is, it's more authentic than most of the places on the Royal Mile!
I've been visiting Stac Polly on and off over the past ten-fifteen years. I discovered wild pigeon, venison and cranachan there (fortunately not on the same plate). It was always the place I recommended to friends looking for good Scottish cuisine and I've got nothing but fond memories. 

I've now recently visited both Dublin Street and St Mary's St locations and I have to say, I'm left wanting more. I had a thoroughly pleasant evening last night, the restaurant is very pretty in a Georgian manner, I think the prices are reasonable and the meal is fine, but distinctly unmemorable. I found the menu repetitive - vegetarian options all featured brocolli (which I am allergic to) and the dish I chose also arrived with a slightly yellowed sprig to garnish my dish. Beetroot was also quite a feature (I like beetroot, we are all good on that front). 

For starters, I had the sea trout cured in vodka and beetroot, served with beetroot and red amaranth. The  sea trout carried barely any flavour but was a stunning deep red colour and overall the plate looked impressive, but the beetroot itself was the over riding flavour, drowning out the cured trout and the lemon mustard dressing was entirely forgettable. My dad tucked into some moist looking duck and was most happy with it. 

For the mains, I had 10 (or 5?) spice salmon, with dill mash and beans (and a surprise guest - brocolli). Again, it looked pretty, and this time, although none of the flavours were particularly amazing on their own, combined with the citrus and chilli creme fraiche (not spicy), came together nicely. My mother enjoyed her lamb casserole and my dad was impressed with his pork dish. 

Finally, we finished off with the autumn brioche (dad loved it, I found it a bit too heavy on the spice for me, something didn't taste right) and marscapone panne cotta - the blackcurrant ice cream was delicious, the panne cotta bland and for me, there wasn't enough of contrast in flavours to enhance either. 

Overall, I think Stac Polly still does a lot right, but their menu doesn't excite me, or move me in particular. There are lots of small things which makes me think that it falls short of being impressive and simply remains at 'nice', where once I would demand Stac Polly for any monumental occasion, I think now, it sits nicely in there as a pleasant, middle of the road restaurant that hasn't reached the heights of fine dining, but is definitely of a better class than most, but it needs a bit of a push to make it a place I would aspire to go to.
The service really let this place down, as my food was of very good quality. The waiting staff (and the kitchen staff, too) just disappeared towards the end of lunchtime service, with this totally over-shadowing what had been an enjoyable selection of lunchtime dishes.

Overall, we said: "I enjoyed Stac Polly. I thought the food was well-presented and offered good flavour combinations, with the venison dish really hitting the spot. The curious conclusion to service was a rather strange to end things, but hey ho. I'm glad we went, and I was pleased with our visit, although I'm not sure it's a place to which I'll be rushing back. It was solidly good, but not much beyond that."
I've been wanting to go here for a while but just never have.  At 67 degrees, everyone was remarking what a fab day it was.  So off to have an early dinner since they close at 530.  It's very serene & also quiet with only 2 tables of customers at 4pm.  The food is pretty good for what you'd expect, bar food @ a golf course.  The menu's simple.  We tried the philly cheese steak with a side of fruit, frits & fries (chix finger w BBQ & ranch sce), and a salmon salad.   They have breakfast, too as well as a full bar.
I wanted to try something different for breakfast after an appointment and before I went to give blood.  I've been meaning to try the TPC Grille for awhile but it never comes to mind when I'm out and about.  Today was different.  The other TPC course in our area is a private course, so this is where I headed today.

I got the Southwestern Eggs Benedict which according to the menu consists of roasted corn cakes, chorizo, fried eggs, chile cheddar cheese, pico, green onion, avocado, and breakfast potatoes.  In today's case, it was missing pico and avocado, but it was very good nonetheless.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the corn cakes and I liked the different take on Eggs Benedict by going with the corn cakes instead of an English muffin.  The corn cakes were very tasty!

Service was excellent. I sat at the bar and Theresa was the server.  She was a very pleasant woman and very efficient.  It was nice chatting with her about breakfast places and it was so nice looking out the windows at the view of the mountains on the west side of town.

The dining room is relatively small, but they have a nice outdoor seating area.  I'll have to come back when I can sit on the patio.  Right now, it's just too cold.  This was a very pleasant experience and I'm glad I came here.
This place was a pleasant suprise. Joey C and I are in town and had just finished the ghost and terror tour (fun btw), meandered down the royal mile and stumbled upon this place. 

I had the Scallops with Haggis which was REALLY GOOD! The scallops were succullent and delicious! If you're nervously curious about haggis, this would be the dish to order. Each Scallop sits on a spoonful of Haggis so you have a decent sized portion to determine if you like it or not. 

Joey had the Fillet of Scottish Lamb with cous-cous and sweet potato. It was delicious! Juicy and tender meat, the cous-cous breading she could have done without but it wasn't bad. The sweet potato was well puree'd too.

worth it!
It's a shame that Wedgewood is near the bottom of the Cannongate - an area that is generally quieter than everywhere else in Edinburgh, because it really is an excellent restaurant. The staff and the food are excellent! And the price is even better!

They do a great lunch menu daily, all details are put up on the window in the morning and each option is mouth watering. I've lost count of all the times I've stood outside this restaurant and oogled the menu, drooling.

They are a bit inventive with their food - I once had parsnip creme brulee - but have an open mind and you can only be surprised! I recently ate in total darkness in a concept-restaurant in Paris (it was a weird experience but I would highly recommend it) and so I found I have started to appreciate the taste of everything now, and Wedgewood is a total dream. It's bliss!! Everybody I've spoken to about this stunning restaurant love it as much as I do - really is a great place.
When I was instructed to meet for lunch at a restaurant called Wedgwood, the name took me back to history lessons at school, where we learned about the Wedgwood pottery empire for what seemed like a very, very long time. Don't get me wrong, I liked history a lot, but I think at the time I thought scrawling song verses in every corner of my school diary was more important than actually learning anything.

Anyway, getting back to the restaurant, I think I expected there to be fine china plates, those little, dainty teacups with tiny handles and a butler-type-waiter smiling politely, but giving you a look that could shatter glass if you dared to use the wrong fork, or put your elbows near the table. 

In reality, the staff at Wedgwood the Restaurant are not at all scary, in fact they're very informative and accommodating, the décor is fresh and modern, and my lunch was delish. The restaurant has a cosy feel to it, seating 48 people, with a private dining room downstairs, which fits 18. 
 
All the restaurant's ingredients are locally sourced, which is all good, so I went for a salmon, herring rollmop and beetroot starter, followed by braised beef and peppercorn sauce for my main. The two large hunks of beef were perfectly tender, and also a nice change to the usual steak offering at restaurants. A little portion of sticky toffee pudding and Chantilly cream was next on the list, definitely very sweet, but not sickly sweet. The coffee was potent and straight to the point, which was handy, as the strenuous effort of eating three courses had left me sleepy. On the crockery theme, there seemed to be a lot of attention to detail, with spoons in cool, weird shapes, a bowl resembling a UFO and other delightful food holding items. 

Very reasonably priced Royal Mile dining, and definitely worth more than just a peek round the door.
A more upmarket restaurant in a quite area. I hadn't even realised this was here until I was taken here my a friend. 

I loved the service and the quality of the food. I had the Scottish lamb wrapped in cous cous and it was delicious and my friends really liked their dishes too. 

I really appreciate it when places that are going to charge you a little bit more will at least have a higher standard in service and quality in food, without it being too pompous or the waiters hanging around your table. Wedgewood seems somewhat unspoilt by its touristy location and the menu was inventive and according to the waitress renewed quite often. A breath of fresh air for this part of town for a more special evening dining experience.
I was so jetlagged when I ate here....

But I loved loved loved the food!

I had the pigeon with haggis, and then the scallops with more haggis, and a bunch of beer.  So great!

The food really was artfully done.

On tip though.... we were in our touristy garb, jeans/sweaters... and everyone else around us was rather dressy.  Made me feel like such a scrub.

I'd come back here next time I'm in Edinburgh for sure.
Stunning. Stunning, stunning, stunning.

With relaxed but attentive and friendly staff and service, and a great location on the Royal Mile, Wedgwood has a lot going for it before your starter even reaches your table.

The good news is, once the food arrives, it just keeps getting better.

I had the scallops with parmesan flakes and salmon garnish with dijon dressing as a starter, and they were perfectly cooked -- moist, not dry, and with a very successful combination of flavours. The portion size was ideal for a starter -- five (large) scallops is perfect.

For my main course, I had three fillets, one each of lamb, beef and pork, with Chinese vegetables and pancakes. The meats were all cooked to a turn, with the vegetables and sauce adding depth but not overpowering.

This was a great find. Comparing it to the Grainstore, I think Wedgwood comes out on top. It's honest, Scots-inspired fusion with great values.

When I'm next in Edinburgh, I will definitely be going again!
After visiting Holyrood Palace & mingling w/ Royalty, hunger set in & luckily we had rezzies at Wedgewood....you'll want to make sure you get rezzies here post haste! 

Mom enjoyed Salmon w/ Mushy Peas - perfectly sized portion of her fave Salmon & the mushy peas were chunky & full of flavor & she loved it 

Dad's a steak man all the way - Fillet w/ Chips hit the spot - perfectly cooked like he likes it & the chips were crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside - he even cleaned his place & he's not usually in the Clean Plate Club.... so this should tell you something 

I was excited to see Gnocchi but had my doubts about the Wilted Rocket pairing w/ it.....you see, I loathe all wilted leafy greens. They make me gag but I was willing to give it a try & boy am I glad I did 

The Wilted Rocket was like baby rocket small & paired w/ Spring Onions in a Balsamic glaze - this seared the gnocchi & made them have this carmelly "crust" and w/ the remaining little bit of sauce was finished w/ a dollop of creme fraische .....*extremely* flavorful & finished the whole plate....cause you see, I *am* in the Clean Plate Club 

Desserts were Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Cream for me, Whiskey & Honey Panna Cotta for parents. Light yet extremely flavorful & again hit the spot (which is apparently my catch phrase for this review) 

Such a memorable lunch & will def come back when visiting!
This restaurant has a really good reputation, unfortunately I was a little underwhelmed.

There was nothing wrong with the food or service, it just didn't wow me.  Others obviously disagree, so maybe it was just a bad day.
If I were only allowed to describe Wedgwood in one word, it would be "Perfection" Incredible food, attentive service, and good company made this meal my best in Scotland thus far. 
We started with a bottle of Shiraz, and our appetisers included the lobster creme brulee and pigeon over haggis, neeps and tatties. Wow wow wowza! Being American, the thought of eating "rat with wings" was a little off-putting, but it's not like they just picked a bird off the street! Who knew that there are farm raised pigeons? My new favourite poultry? Maybe... As for the creme brulee, it was a huge hit. So delicate and inventive, and served with bloody mary sorbet that was fantastic. The chef clearly has a creative side, and it translates so well into the food. 
I ordered the pancetta wrapped rabbit for my entree, and it was absolutely amazing! So tender and flavourful, and the sauces paired with it were exceptional. Our friend ordered the scallops with pork belly, and those too were excellent. 
For dessert we went for the sticky toffee pudding, housemade fudge, and one more (what it was escapes me at the moment!) but it had a really nice ice cream paired with it. Vanilla pistachio fudge, nummy!!! 
There was absolutely nothing to complain about. The price points were very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food as well, which is always a bonus. Be sure to make a reservation when you dine here, as the seating is pretty limited.
I wanted to try this place after read a lot of it and good reviews.

 I think the food are good in general but each course is "over" made in flavors, they mixes to much, also alot of sweetness and sugar ad to the dishes, like restaurants did in the 80:s.

I had for main "Deer" as main and it was to dry to be good. and starter was Asian inspirited dish's OK but not special.

I rather prefere the restaurants Wildfire or Calistoga,the serve pure good grocery's and meat not covered in 10 different flavors.

Decor: ok, clean

Stuff: professional
Absolutely first-rate. You want to show a girl a good time? Or maybe just yourself? Go here. My wife and I went here near the start of our honeymoon and it was one of the best places we ate the entire trip (it even topped every restaurant we tried in Paris). The service was first-rate, the menu was diverse and incredibly tempting, and the food? Oh God, the food.

We started things off with the Lanarkshire blue cheese risotto bon bons, which were crunchy, creamy, and delicious. My wife had the Chermoula crumbed lamb filet, while I tried their crisped potato gnocchi with broccoli, black olives, sunblush tomatoes, and cream. Both of our meals were utterly outstanding. I don't think I've ever had better gnocchi, and the combination of flavors was perfect.

We finished things off with a chocolate truffle cake and the Scottish cheese board, both of which made a great end to a wonderful meal. This place is great. Even better, the prices are completely reasonable. Honestly, for food and service this great, I really wouldn't have minded paying more - but the fact that I didn't makes this place all the better. Would definitely go here again.
Certainly, Wedgwood is one of Edinburgh's premier dining establishments. Dishes are fresh and innovative, and executed to an extremely high standard. I'd heartily recommend that you pay it a visit, very soon.

Overall, we said: "I was blown away by Wedgwood. I had a notion in my mind that the place would be good, but "good" turned out to be a considerable understatement. The food is of exceptional quality, with quietly understated elegance permeating every flavour-packed fork and spoonful. I can't recommend it highly enough, so would encourage you to visit at your earliest opportunity."
The beef swung it for me. When Louise C suggested we come here to make the most of their really quite good lunch deal -two courses for £11 or three courses for £15 -I was totally game. Fine dining, for lunch? Yes please.

When we entered I did feel a little underdressed. The lunchtime crowd are office folks, probably having important business meetings. Although the staff were very kind and not at all 'you're not dressed well enough for here'. If I'm entirely honest, the decor inside wasn't really me. Perhaps it's much better suited to an evening meal, when it's dark outside, and it's all dimly lit and romantic inside. But it is kind of nouveau-bland decorating without much character. Not old world, not super sleek and modern. But that's the only real thing that put me off. I'm a romantic at heart. I like oak tables and candles and empty wine bottles. But I digress.

The starters were alright. Louise C's beetroot panna cotta was a bit odd and actually didn't taste of much. My fishcakes were nice but actually didn't have much fish in them.

However, and like I've said before, the beef won me over. Beef, medium-rare (perfectly cooked) on a bed of spinach and a gorgeous balsamic vinegar dressing - oh my goodness I think there was a 5 minute silence over the table as a mark of respect / whilst we ate as quickly as we could. It was really too good.

The evening prices are much higher, and it would be a real treat. I did enjoy my meal here. The service was really nice, it is quite swish and quite swoo. Whilst the decor and ambiance didn't really win me over and for that reason it wouldn't be my first choice for a nice meal, if someone were to offer to take me or there was a reason to go, I would thoroughly enjoy it.
The lunch deal here at Wedgwood has got to be one of the best I have seen in Edinburgh.

This place is quality. The service is friendly, and the food is just utterly scrummy!!!
For a 3 course lunch here you are looking at under £15.............. and I honestly do NOT know how. Well, that's a lie, I do, but I don't know why?!?!?! The food is worth far much more than that and I plan on returning several times especially when you consider in some places, that I shall not name, you can be paying up to £6 for a panini..... here I paid £10 and I had a starter of Beetroot Panna Cotta with Crispy Parma ham then a heavenly salad. Oh dear. The beef was sooo perfectly cooked with crispy croutons, sweet balsamic onions, fresh spinach. The moment these plates were put in front of a pretty gobby me and the awfully chatty Jenny L I think a miracle happened. We sat, in silence, in awe, in enjoyment of this delicious food. We did however talk about it for the rest of the day. It was amazing.

The dinner menu looks tremendous and like it could really push some barriers, very exciting! Aiming to go back for that at some point.

But give the lunch a go. It's only a tenner..... what you got to lose?!
Faultless service at dinner here last night and excellent food which was well presented and filling to just the right degree (particularly the sole fillets, stuffed with spinach and goats cheese, broccoli puree and chorizo). Worth every penny of the £35 per head. Didn't peruse the wine list myself but the Merlot was a good accompaniment to all 3 courses and I'd certainly relish coming back here.
Wow! I went here on my first night in Edinburgh with my mom, and we absolutely loved it!! I got the haggis, pigeon, neeps, and tatties app - so good! Although I did feel  a bit weird eating medium rare pigeon, it was delicious!  My mom (vegetarian) had nettle soup.  For our mains we had mutton loin with black pudding (me) and a mediterranean chickpea dish (mom).  The Spanish wine we paired with it was great too.  

Recommended for anyone looking for a fancy night out... especially if someone else pays! ;)

only complaint: we made a reservation two weeks in advance and were stuck in the table in the hallway near the kitchen.  that was not so nice.
My friends and I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a wee while. The dinner menu being considerably dearer, we decided to go here for lunch instead. At £12.00 for 2 and £16.00 for 3 courses ..... we had ourselves a bargain! 

The menu changes constantly or so it says on the website. So in theory I shouldn't have been surprised that it was not the same as the one on the website. But... I was. A little. My fault entirely. You see.. I had spent days studying the menu and picking out exactly what I wanted to order! 

The 'new menu' however did not disappoint. 

I ordered a smoked paprika pork loin with black pudding, parsnip crisps and a tapenade for my starter (£3.50 added supplement). The plate of food looked so beautiful, it felt criminal to dive in. But I did. And it was gorge. The pork was 'melt-in-the-mouth' tender and the parsnip crisps and the black pudding just made it perfect! 

I got the venison ragout with some posh mash (it had peas and parsley) and celeriac puree for my main. And THAT was some ragout. If I could get Mr Wedgwood to share that recipe, I'd cook it every week! Without a doubt. Lovely and rich with individual bits of carrots, sweet potato, shallots and venison cooked to perfection. 

For dessert, after a mighty tug of war between the other choices which included a chai panna cotta with cardamom biscuits and some orange something, I settled on a de-constructed Tiramisu. This arrived with a chocolate brownie topped with chantilly cream infused with orange and a coffee granita. Absolutely stunning. 

The menu offers a great choice of wines including the choice of ordering half bottles. I had the Cabernet Merlot, Seabrook, Western Cape, 2010 which was delightful. 

All in all, brilliant food, fab service, great attention to detail and pretty darn reasonable. Will definitely be back again and very soon too!!
I'm a bit disappointed I just went to Wedgewood for lunch, because I can only imagine what their dinner must be like. If it's anything like their lunch menu, it's probably fantastic--just the right amount of traditional Scottish food mixed with bright flavors and a modern twist.

On a cold, rainy day the potato and garlic soup was perfect for warming up, as was the beef stroganoff-esque dish I got for my main. And a glass of red wine was the perfect touch for a lazy afternoon meal!
I was lucky enough to be treated to a fab dinner here at the end of Dec 12. 
The food was great and the staff were lovely. There was a slight glitch when the waitress admitted forgetting to put our dessert order through after we chased it up but then they knocked it off the bill which was very decent.
Would definitely recommend it for a treat/special occasion.
If I could use one word to sum up my dining experience last night at Wedgwood, it would be: underwhelmed. 

I'd been wanting to try it out for a long time as I'd heard good things. Although I tried to go in without any expectations, I was just severely underwhelmed.

The food was ok. I had the scallops to start, which was tasty, but at £12.95, I was hoping for more than 2 scallops cut in half to make 4 morsels.. Same could be said about the minute portion of langostine which arrived on our dining companion's plate. D had pigeon which was good, although overpowered by the haggis it was served with.

I had the rabbit wrapped in pancetta and have to agree with Grace that it was delicious, although slightly over salted. D had the deer which I found to be a total let down. The meat wasn't very flavourful, lacking the gaminess which I enjoy about deer meat. Again it was overpowered by the haggis that it came with. Our dining companion had lamb and verdict was that although the meat was good, the flavours didn't work when you put all the components together.

Dessert was sticky toffee pudding & chocolate brownie which were ok, but nothing special.

Out of the two times we had a server come to pour our wine, they only filled 3 glasses out of 4 each time.  Although I can't say the service was bad, I was hoping for something a little more than the minimal.

Having gone downstairs to use the bathroom, I'm very glad we were seated upstairs. If you're booking, definitely request a table upstairs!

Although nothing about the evening was terrible, for the price point, I very much feel like I've gotten much better value elsewhere.
We were planning a ladies lunch, it was second day of the festival and the sun was shining . So where do ladies that lunch go?

We decided on Wedgewood, so we took advantage of the 12 pounds for two courses, or 3 courses for 16 pounds. The restaurant itself is well laid out and had a lovely buzz about it when we walked in. We'd booked in advance which was a good idea as the restaurant as full soon after we arrived.

We went for a fresh salmon starter which was served with beetroot puree and a deep fried haggis with a wonderfully spicy salsa. The salmon was so fresh I was instantly transported to the beach at North Berwick, and the beetroot puree has a wonderfully earthy taste which wasn't too sweet as beetroot dishes can be sometimes. The haggis was beautifully soft inside with a nice crunchy bite on the outside and the salsa had a really good kick on the finish.

Our mains were just as good and my coley filet was cooked perfectly with the flesh still being firm and flavourful. I have to admit I don't remember which wine we ordered (but it was delicious) as I left my friend to order that as I had to duck out and deal with a parking situation at that point of the meal.

If you're looking for a great value lunch served with a changing menu taking advantage of the fresh seasonal ingredients available, I'd highly recommend Wedgewood.

By all means take advantage of the 3 courses for 16 pounds, but if like us you're too full then I'd highly recommend a wander to let your lunch digest then a trip across the road to Mimi's picnic parlour that does Luca's ice creams!
Wedgwood comes very highly recommended and with good reason.  Heading for an occasion Sunday lunch, we select the £25 3 course Xmas lunch option. The menu offered five choices per course which is very generous and it was difficult to select between the delicious offerings. 
The smoked salmon was a winner - as you would expect in Scotland.   The blue cheese risotto Bon bons were yummy and the beetroot garnish helped cut through the richness of the dish.  Main course of venison stew was tasty although the serve a little on the small side while the corn croquettes with a crab salsa was as pretty as it was tasty.  
Dessert was the highlight though.  Before lunch I didn't know that a posset is a type of set dessert a little less viscous than a pannacotta, after lunch I know that I want more posset! This lemon version was simple, clean and delicious.  My friend had the Christmas pudding with a to die for brandy sauce.
Wine list is very thorough and reasonably priced and the whiskey selection is pretty great.  Check out the reserve selection for something really special should you want to splurge this festive season. 
Highly recommended.
We visited Wedgewood just before Christmas, for the boy's birthday. Such is his curse, that his day for getting older happens to be slap bang in the office party season, so it's sometimes difficult to find places to go out and have a quiet meal. Wedgewood I had heard had a nice atmosphere, and good food from Yelp reviews, so we decided to give it a try. 

First note of dischord was being seated right by the front door - but it actually was ok, not draughty and we weren't disturbed much at all, even though the restaurant was heaving. 

I went for the sea radish pannacotta, he had the beef stir fry for starters. Mine...definitely on the wierd radar, and glad I decided to try it, probably wouldn't bother again, but I can certainly regale my experiences to those who want to hear about it (green, wobbly creamy and salty... not a conversation you necessarily want to eavesdrop against), it will take a while to forget it.  I was happy to get the palate cleanser (nice wee surprise that) of lime sorbet, ginger beer and crushed raspberries. 

Mains.. he had the lamb which constituted of various versions of lamb, although the seaweed coating wasn't a success... too salty for his tastes. I had the aubergine and goats cheese cannelloni. While I liked the idea of aubergine as an alternative to pasta, there was too much goats cheese and the dish overall felt distinctly average compared to the rest of the dishes ordered. 

Desserts were cheese board (kindly without blue cheese) and a nicely plated deconstruction of a pear tatin. 

So, the food was pretty decent overall, despite the disappointing veggie main. Service... lacklustre. We had one drink order at the start, and a struggle to get attention thereafter. I ended up drinking the SR's water, as it started to feel all Lawrence of Arabia on the lack of liquid front. By the end it was positively dreadful, as we watched the waitresses polishing silver and resetting tables, despite the number of tables still busy and we were still waiting to place an order.. get the bill... anything. In the end, we gave up, and I stood at the till to get the bill so we could leave. Definitely felt like the waitresses were not on the ball, which was disappointing, as the irritation increased the longer we waited to try to get attention. 

I probably won't rush back, as I wasn't overwhelmed in the end, although the SR enjoyed his meal, which was the important part of the night.
This really was disitictly average so A-ok sums it up perfectly.

Their lunch deal really do look like great value, 2 courses for £12 in such a fine dining restaurant sounds tremendous.

A colleague decided she wanted to have her leaving lunch here so offer went earlier this week to see what they had to offer.

For starter I went for the fishcakes. 2 small cakes, with a little salad and salsa. Crispy fishcakes with a soft potato filling and haddock flavour. Pretty darn good i would say. This would on its own merit 4 stars.

For the main I went for the meatballs with blackpudding and mash potato. The meatballs for a fine dining restaurant were erm rustic. Very roughly chopped onion sticking out, quite small and really didnt look like anythign special. The blackpudding was mixed itno the potato and just somehow lacked any flavour at all. The meatballs needed more caramelisation on the outside and a good bit more seasoning. The mash needed to not have blackpudding in it and have more seasining. In such a simple dish while the presentation was ok it just didnt work as a dish at all.

Actually for this dish on its own it would be 2 stars. The service and the fishcakes even it out as a 3 star overall.

Really disappointing all in alo
The one aspect of this exceptional little jewel of a restaurant on Leith's Constitution Street that never fails to astound me, is the double take inducing reasonability of the prices, considering the quality and outright deliciousness of the food you receive. 

You can eat like a king in every sense, as the food is fantastic, plus there's no need to do anything miserable like opting out of having a starter or desert because you can't afford it. Having three courses plus whatever tipple you're in the mood for will still leave you with plenty of change to spare, which should absolutely be put towards a generous tip for the lovely staff (and compliments to the chef of course). If I was one of these people that had a bottomless pit of a stomach, I would even consider ordering a couple of dishes per course to sample, such is the appeal of everything on the menu. The restaurant's interior is clean lined and immaculately finished, and has a really fresh feel to it 

The proprietor and head chef at Leith Lynx, Brian Donkin, has previously been at the helm of numerous bars and restaurants in Edinburgh and the Leith area, so has many years of food craftsmanship and successful business running behind him. Knowing all this, I felt pretty assured that my first meal here would be far beyond average, and I wasn't disappointed, and never have been since on subsequent visits. 

After coming here for the first time, I felt so irritated at myself for spending half my bank balance in establishments in the centre of town for so many years, for really standard food in really standard environments, when I could have made the effort to come to Leith and sample some of the tasty brilliance on offer here.

My most recent meal at Leith Lynx was a lunch time meeting with my brother, and I deliberately refrained from eating breakfast so that I could fill my gluttonous chops with as much as possible. I went for the French onion soup to start, a favourite soup variety of mine, which was entirely flavoursome and came with just the right amount of Gruyere cheese. This was followed by the fish special of the day, which was lemon sole in an indulgently creamy sauce served with mashed potato. The texture of the fish was perfect, and tasted like it had been plucked from the sea five minutes before it was served. All the fish here is amazingly fresh, and there are a great range of seafood options to be had on both the lunch and dinner menu, plus an amazing game pie, and meat dishes including venison and lamb.  My brother went for the smoked salmon with lemon to start, followed by the veal meat dish of the day, both of which he commended very highly.
 
Leith Lynx is definitely meant to be a place to feel at home at, with its classic and delicious dishes with a twist, and the prices here make it a restaurant you can visit regularly, without worrying about spending a fortune.
Really enjoyed our Sunday lunch here. Good local produce, well prepared. We summed it up: "Leith Lynx is very good. You should definitely pay it a visit, soon. We'd gladly go back to sample from their other menus."
I have dietary restrictions and I really appreciate that this place has options for gluten free and dairy free selections. Amazing food, reasonable prices, wait staff helpful and efficient. I ordered the halloumi and almost died of happiness, and the quail was so perfect- crispy on the outside and moist on the inside- that people were trying to steal my food.
Fresh - seasonal - local - sustainable - homemade boasts the brand new Bia Bistrot menu. I mentioned in my review of George Hughes & Son Fish Emporium (note, not a fishmonger) how important I (and a lot of preachy TV chefs) feel using local, sustainable produce is so this is good to see.

The menu is fairly simple and I like this. Convoluted, overly long menus really put me off a place. Ranging from leek, red onion and blue cheese tartlet to beef rump with potatoes and pepper sauce Bia Bistrot has something to cater to everyone. Prices are fair. Not cheap, but fair. And the food is delicious. They also do a pre theatre menu for £9 (2 courses) or £10.50 (3 courses), which is pretty reasonable. 

It's also very tastefully decorated which makes for a nice atmosphere. Being off the main road means you don't get any of the Morningside through traffic noise either. A really promising place. Less sure about the spelling though.
It is always great to find a place that prides itself on using fresh, seasonal and local food... and Bia Bistrot certainly didn't disappoint. What made it even better for us was how wonderfully baby friendly the place was, completed with delightfully friendly staff.

 We were in for Mother's day lunch and the menu they had on was a delightful selection of dishes. 

Their starter of asparagus, poached egg and herb salad made my day as the asparagus was wonderfully sweet and the egg was poached to perfection. My husband's starter of mackerel (complete with perfectly crispy skin) and rhubarb was gone in a flash and our son was delighted with the piece he was given to nibble.

My main of free range chicken breast was cooked so well it was full of flavor and the meat was still tender and moist and was accompanied by a lovely little smoked chicken pasty and some very tasty braised leeks. My husband's main of slow roasted pork didn't disappoint either and had fantastic crackling and beautifully flavored meat. We also shared a side of garlic potatoes which i very highly recommend, as well as there homemade wheaten stout bread that we had as a nibble before out starters came... it really wet the pallet.

To finish off I had the gorgeous chocolate pot that came with a shot of hazelnut liquor and melt in the mouth shortbread, i couldn't have had a better end to my meal, while my husband enjoyed some wonderful Aged Mull Cheddar. 

Their menu is fairly priced, great fresh food at a great price. They offer an a' la carte menu as well as a set menu of 2 courses for £9 or 3 courses for £10.50, offered between 12pm - 2:30pm and 5pm - 6pm.There wine selection is good and they offer a great range of real ales, much to my husband's delight.

If you love local seasonal food then this is definitely a place that you need to try and we will certainly be frequenting there again.
A coworker took me out to Bia Bistrot for my birthday the other week (24 November, if you have your diaries out ...).  Neither of us had been since it changed from an Olive Branch, and that coupled with it's very convenient location, made it a must try.  They advertise a two course lunch or dinner for a very reasonable price.

I generally can't be bothered with two courses for lunch so was pleased when the waitress was happy to let us order single courses off the set menu.

My coworker decided to try the cumberland sausage with mash, and I went for a salad with poached egg and haggis.

I heard good things about the sausage and mash, but probably not as good as my salad.  I'd never thought of putting haggis on a salad before - I don't really know why, I'll put any other type of meat on a salad - but wow, this was fantastic.  The haggis was sliced, so it had a crispy outside but broke apart easily and went wonderfully witih the salad leaves.

I do love a good poached egg but I am very very very picky, and this one unfortunately was pretty underdone to my taste.  I have to have a liquid yolk but absolutely can't stand if the white is anything but completely cooked.  If I can do it at home, why is it so much of a stuggle to find that when I'm paying someone to cook the egg for me??

In any case, the food was in general quite nice, and the wine and service were excellent.  Two mains and two glasses of wine came to £22 - a wee bit more expensive than I would have expected for lunch, but overall very nice.  I would definitely come here again.
We went with just a little trepidation, as we used to love this place under its old ownership as the Olive Branch. But I need not have feared. On this occasion we went with a party of six, three adults and three children from infant to teen. And without exception we were delighted. Not pretentious, but neither was it dull. The important thing was that the ingredients are well sourced and excellent, and then compiled into well balanced and delightful combinations. The staff too were friendly and helpful without being either too attentive or too absent, as seems to happen too often. And the ambience is perfect, neither too noisy nor too quiet. It all just works as a well thought through and executed package. Congratulations to the owners. Go there, they deserve it. And so do you.
I went to Bia Bistrot as part of a work leaving do. I've always been tempted by it and had fancied trying it for awhile. The lunch and early evening (til 6pm) menu prices suit my student budget so it was always on the to-do list.
Despite being a large group and arriving later than planned, staff were great and still allowed us to order off the early menu. There are around 4 choices for each course and (I think) its around £11 for 3 courses, before 6pm.

Thinking we'd be on the cheap menu and the portions would be small was a mistake. Portions are a decent size and food is great. I had a terrine to start with and it came with gluten free bread (toasted) which was lovely as usually it is only higher-end restaurants that would offer this. Lovely gamey flavours, complemented by a (apple?) compote. My main was chicken and mash potatoes - winter is coming, I need comfort food and this is a good test of a restarant being able to cook a basic dish well. The chicken was cooked to perfection - lovely crispy skin with tender meat underneath and perfect mash, lovely and creamy with no lumps. I loved the gravy (ok for GF) with a hint of tarragon in it, just lovely comfort goodness. We shared sides of carrots and savoy cabbage which were good and I tried some very garlicky potatoes which were great (crispy on the outside, fluffy inside).

For pudding, I opted for the coffee chocolate pot. Again ok for GF (without shortbread) and my portion came in a large ramekin, so although I was special (no shortbread), I had infact been spoiled by a larger portion which was lovely and a nice touch. I noticed some colleagues didn't like the chocolate pot - I loved it as the coffee was strong enough to flavour but not overpower the chocolate but it is probably one of those deserts you would either love or hate.

Talking to colleagues, they were full of praise. Several had opted for the terrine and a fish pie for the main which was meant to be awesome. As it was a work do, I'm not sure if colleagues had ordered more expensive wine than I usually would or if this was the standard pricing (£23 per bottle) as this might make this a more expensive night out than planned, so 4 stars still I can confirm the booze prices...
I would go back to Bia Bistrot - great food and service and fab value if you eat early or at lunch.
I think Bia Bistrot will always hold a special spot because it was one of the first restaurants I visited in this city. I came across this place on a fluke with my uncle when I first arrived to Edinburgh back in November 2010.  It was pouring rain - in fact it mimicked a tropical rain shower except it was cold. We stood under a church canopy on the Holy Corner waiting for the rain to subside.  We quickly ran into Tesco to dry off but then realised we were hungry (and thirsty for something to take the edge off us being completely drenched!) Across the road we saw a packed bistro that looked very cosy. I recall there was only one table left and we quickly sat down. We both enjoyed a fantastic meal - I had venison which was cooked perfectly. It was such a memorable restaurant, that whenever my uncle visits me we make a point of coming here for dinner. The staff are very friendly and you can tell the chef takes real pride in the food. Bia Bistrot really lives up to being, "fresh, local, seasonal, sustainable, and homemade". They also have an excellent wine list. Further, for what they serve I think Bia Bistrot is very reasonably priced! I'll have to make a note to check this place out for lunch!
Hands down - this is my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh!
Really lovely little restaurant. 
Went last week for the pre-theatre menu (£11 for three courses...) on a recommendation. The decor is nice and laid back, all pretty things but very comfortable and unassuming.
The food was excellent, all of our dishes were delicious.
I'll have to make a return visit at some point, one of out fellow diners had the bone marrow, which unfortunately was not on the set menu, which definitely piqued my interest!
Go there.....go there now!!!! Why are you still sitting here reading this go to the Honours NOOOOWWW!!!

Ok so ive calmed down now but jeez this is one of the finest places to open in Edinburgh in a long time!

Delighted to see Martin Wishwart going back to his classic French training and creating a menu with the superb Paul Tamburinni. Its fun its innovative there is increcible choise its just awesome!!

20 different starters!! Count them...20!!! Normally this would terrify me but you look through it and can get how they manage it, a lot of terrines and preserves as well things which are taken from supplier to plate!!

And wait for it they have oysters!!! Not just any oysters though oh no these are Fal Estuary oysters and are awesome!!

The menu as I say is well designed, pasta/seafood/meat options + a full range of grill options!

The really fun aprt comes at desert, you start with 3 french classics that you would expect tarte tatin, creme brulee and chcoalte delice! But then holly mother of mary of awesomeness they have a Sundaes menu!! 4 awesome sounding deserts including black forrest and pina colada all amde with homemade icecream!!!

If Carlsberg made restaurants it wouldnt be as a good as this!!
I've had two great meals here.  The first was just amazing - some nice wine, a good steak, béarnaise sauce, and chips. Oh, and apple tart tatin. It was a superb meal!

The second time I shared the côte de boeuf.  The potatoes that accompanied it were truly magnificent - but the meat itself was a little tough and, truth be told, not that tasty.  This was disappointing, but rescued somewhat by an amazing crème brûlée (with prunes and armagnac discretely placed on top).   

I think they're still going through some teething problems in terms of staff - but that's to be expected in a new restaurant I guess.  If it wasn't for the somewhat disappointing second meal, this place would have had 5 stars from me.  I'll definitely be returning (multiple times).
Super stylish, nice service, but rather underwhelming menu and dishes. We summed it up: "there's little doubt that for the next few months The Honours will be the place to take people you're seeking to impress. People will be impressed, as there's a lot to admire in the design and the service. However, if you're looking for somewhere that's going to offer you genuinely memorable dishes, we're not sure this is the place."
As you'd expect from Martin Wishart of the Michelin star, the cuisine is of a very high standard. I went for the pre-theatre price fix which was probably one of the best value dinners you will get in Edinburgh. £19.50 for three excellent courses.

I had smoked mackerel parfait - a light savoury delight, mussels -a very healthy sized portion with some very healthy sized shellfich and creme brulee that was both delicious and very enjoyable like breaking frozen puddles.

My boyfriend had beef , which was very good, but they should really provide sharper knives. That is my very minor and only complaint. 

The decor was tasteful and modern, quite low lighting creating a nice ambiance. Overall a really perfect dining experience and at a very good price. 

TIIP: They do the same three course deal at lunchtime and its only £17.50.
special occasions call for special places to celebrate and The Honours fits the bill perfectly.  following the boyfriend' new qualifiers ceremony me, the boyfriend, and his parents headed here for a leisurely afternoon lunch.  i'd been once before about a year and a half ago (the days before i knew of yelp!) so was hoping my second visit lived up to my first.

on arrival we were warmly welcomed by the hostess who very kindly took our soggy coats and wet umbrellas to place in the cupboard while we were shown to our table in the main dining area.  i quite like the look and feel of this restaurant as it's done in muted browns and tans so it's nice and calming for a relaxing meal.  there is also an open kitchen so depending on where you're sat you can watch as your meal is prepared which is a nice touch.

the menu is well put together with a nice selection of starters and mains but clearly the main highlight is their grill items mostly notably their selection of steaks.  after some debate we all decided on what to order and i went with the crab cappachino soup to start and sirlion steak for the main.  i'd had the soup before so was eager to try it again and i can confirm it was just as delicious the second time as the first.  a delicate broth is adorned with a foam made from the soup, crab meat in the bottom, and little parmesan crisps placed on top.  a really lovely way to start the meal.  i also got a bite of my boyfriends saffron and broad bean risotto which was so delicious i had a bit of food envy!

luckily no food envy for the main course as my sirlion steak was just magnificent!  i thought it was a bit confident of the restaurant to not give us steak knives for our meal but they were definitely not needed!  the steak as perfectly cooked at medium rare and soooooo tender!  it was topped with a madiera glaze and also a side of bearnise sauce as well.  the boyfriend and i shared a side of creamed spinach and potatoes boulangere which were both really tasty and went well with the steak.  

as good as the steak was though i have to say that the main highlight was dessert!  i had the souffle of the day which in this case was rasberry with a side of homemade chocolate ice cream.  the souffle arrived towering above the ramekin it was being served in and was light and airy and just heavenly!  even though i was full i managed to eat it all as it was just so so so good!!

in addition to the food, the staff are absolutely lovely and so professional.  at one point my boyfriend's father accidently knocked his knife to the floor and in an instance a waiter was picking up the knife and replacing it as well.  some very impressive service indeed!

so The Honours is definitely a five star restaurant for me!  looking forward to another special occasion to go back and dine :)
I love Martin Wishart's Restaurant in Leith, like really love it. I was super excited when he decided to venture into Brasserie style food. Now this could be because I had built it up to such epic proportions before dining here but I can't rate it anywhere near as highly as I could his other restaurant in Leith. 

The service I have to say was impeccable. To be honest I imagine Mr Wishart wouldn't expect any less. However the food left a bit to be desired. It was a special occasion so we went the whole hog with the three courses. Crab Cappuccino to start, Chateau Briand for main with duck fat chips, onion rings and a Béarnaise sauce and for dessert The Honours Sundae. So lets start from the top, the crab cappuccino was sufficiently tasty although a little on the large side, especially considering what we were following it up with. The Chateau Briand I have to say I was disappointed with. As a Brasserie I imagine the steaks you serve should be your showcase. Unfortunately, whilst cooked to perfection the steak was quite chewy in places. The duck fat chips were, I'm sorry to say quite tasteless :( and the onion rings greasy. The Béarnaise was a delicious accompaniment. Now the dessert....so standard it was unreal. I expected something even remotely special in there not, what tasted to me like, Cadbury's Crunchie pieces!

The Jury is out on this place which is a shame as I imagine it could be spectacular. Maybe a little more refinement on the individual elements would do the trick as it isn't the cheapest brasserie in town and the others for example Kyloe and Hadrian's spring to mind are doing it just that bit better.
A gem! This is the best value for money experience I have ever had. The atmosphere is chic, the food is Michelin-standard and the service is very attentive with extremely helpful advice on food and wine. We paid about 40 pounds per person for a starter, main, a bottle of good wine and a dessert to share, which I would say is an extremely good price for its standard. 

If I were to say one disadvantage, that would be it is slightly noisier than I would like. However, it being a brasserie this is within the package.  

It is much better than restaurants within more or less the same category, such as Hadrian's, St Honore, Escargot Bleue, Maison Bleue and La Garrigue.

Very highly recommended!
I took my boyfriend here for a birthday treat last summer, booked online with a request to put a candle on whatever desert he ordered. He thoroughly enjoyed the food (we both had steaks). It is quite noisy, but that's expected in a brasserie. The food was so good, you can tell it's a Martin Wishart restaurant. Even though we only had steak, chips & greens, I could not fault the food. Also my boyfriend asked for sorbet by itself for desert which wasn't a problem (it wasn't on the menu) - it came with a candle as requested! The wine list was good too, think I tried two different reds (they had a nice selection of wines by the glass), the sommelier recommended a few wines too. 

I love this place and will visit again with a larger group of friends (I can't remember much else but I know the food was lovely)
I had an amazing dinner at The Honours, probably one of the better meals I've had in Edinburgh!

We were greeted warmly on arrival and told to take a seat in the 'sofa area' to wait for our table to be ready. Ordered cocktails and the waitress came with menus and told us the daily specials.

After a while we were taken our table and soon ordered food. The waiter brought some warm bread and butter which was tasty.

I must say the Grill section of the menu at Honours is very appealing, especially for steak lovers - with 28-36 aged beef on offer, rare breeds etc. However, I had my eyes on the 'presa steak of iberico pork' (pork shoulder steak) which I knew I had to try.  I'm glad I did, as it was delicious. It was perfectly chargrilled and very tender. The pork was served with a red wine sauce. Though the pork was very tender, I would still preferred to have had a steak knife with it. I ordered some green beans as a side and they were just right - buttery and crunchy but not underdone.

For dessert I ordered a vanilla creme brulee, as it's one of my favourite desserts. The waitress then came to advise that they actually only have a cocoa or jasmine creme brulee on offer, so I chose the jasmine one. It was a large dessert - a big round dish of perfection, the top caramelized beautifully. It was delicious, but I couldn't taste any jasmine. 

The Honours is a wonderful restaurant for a special occasion. The staff are so welcoming and professional and the atmosphere is not too formal, which I liked.
3 words to describe my experience in The Honours from Michelin Star Chef Martin Wishart.
* Awesome * 
* Fantastic * 
* Amazing * 

In a few more words I can explain that this visit is in the top of my best meals in Scotland list.  I have been to quite a few restaurants and I have experienced service and produce. 
The Honours scores 5/5 on both accounts. 
Yes it is a Brasserie, but don't let that fool you as the food on offer puts many a restaurant to shame! 

Bookings are preferably done by  phone or on-line reservation. They allocate a 2 hour slot - We had 17:30 to 19:30.
On arrival we were invited to sit in the lounge and have a drink - we each took a  Bloody Mary.

The tables are simply and elegantly dressed, linen napkins, cutlery, wine glasses - noticeably no salt and pepper. 
Menu prices are reassuringly set in the upper regions of the spending scale, but reasonably so.  

I started with a Rillet of Pork & Duck - this was supplied with a Parmesan Crisp. I was delicate, tasty and just what I expected. 

For main I decided on the Glenarm Estate Shorthorn Rib-eye Steak - served with a red wine jus. Thin fries and buttery green beans to share. 
Anita A. took the Presa Steak (fillet) of Iberico pork. 
Both pork and beef were prepared on a Josper Grill - of which quite a few restaurants we visited lay claim to - but this was the first restaurant that actually made it taste properly. Smokey, charcoal flavour throughout - just wonderfully cooked! No salt or pepper required.

We each took a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany the meal, which was a good choice. - They have about 12 wines by the glass - this Pinot Noir was the top range choice, but well worth it. 

As a dessert I took a Banana & Mango cocoa dusted Souffle with a Mango Sorbet side. Perfect! Well risen, good texture, light an airy and that little pure chocolate on the bottom of the dish made it quite special. Well done! 

I finished this wonderful experience with a Gaelic Coffee.

(As a side note. The music was not loud, more background. It was a nice mixture of up to date songs - they even played 'Happy' from Pharrell :D  )
This place is amazing. If you really like good food...if you really like eating somewhere where there is a solid appropriate wine list....GO HERE. EAT HERE! ENJOY HERE.We like good food...we had the special steak, and duck fat fries (omigawd!) ...but the seasoning, the sides, the care by the wait staff..made it an evening you want to share with every one...yes, its a bit noisy...but only at the bar....not in the dining room...it was intimate...multi guest friendly...make a reservation and enjoy the food..really enjoy the amazing the food. Make this one of your stops in Edinburg....please...
Couldn't wait for Daniel Boulud to open a restaurant in vegas again and I got to say I was impressed. The staff was friendly and our server was highly versed in the menu as we asked a lot of questions and she knew everything. My favorite course of the night was the escargot with spetzel. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing as well. If your looking for great food and a pleasant staff check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
I had the pleasure of dining with db BRASSERIE Saturday evening and must say I'm pleased.  After Boulud's departure from Wynn Las Vegas in 2010 I feared I would be forced to travel away from Las Vegas to enjoy his cuisine, I couldn't have been more wrong.

db BRASSERIE, a home for Boulud at Venetian that opened last week Thursday, is a contemporary French restaurant featuring single Edison bulbs mounted to antique brass fixtures, travertine limestone panels at the entrance and four-panel, 12-foot-wide exterior doors that open to the casino.  An open yet elegant and sophisticated space.

Stealing from Clint Eastwood's playbook, let's discuss "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly."

THE GOOD.  We started with the Assiette De Fromages (a cheese plate with quince preserves, nuts cranberry bread) and I neglected all but the blue cheese as it was so delicious.  She had the Crabe & Avocat (dungeness crab, fennel, avocado grapefruit, pink peppercorn, mint) and I had the Saint Jacques à la Provençale (seared sea scallops, stewed sweet peppers, baby zucchini
green olives, pine nut persillad) - both were delicious.  I speak with limited breadth on the Crabe & Avocat, however, the Saint Jacques à la Provençale was very flavorful with each bite; yet not spicy.  Even more delightful, Chef David Middleton was about the floor and was very available to all.  Refreshing.

THE BAD.  One of the team experienced a leaking coffee pot.  Not too shabby in my book.

THE UGLY.  db BRASSERIE is located next to a bar that, during my visit, blasts 80's rock music.  Exiting db BRASSERIE, such an elegant space, I did not expect to exit and here Twisted Sister raging; I can't say this proximity is ideal.

One can't slight Daniel Boulud for a leaking coffee pot and hair band bar next door, db BRASSERIE is all aces in my book.
Hand made lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, shaved bottarga,wilted arugula thats it! BEST pasta plate Ive ever had! 10 steps from the Poker room and I am a new regular!
I came in to this new addition to the Venetian food scene with the highest of hopes. Daniel Boulude's triumphant return to Vegas is not without high expectations. I had, of course, read up on who was joining Chef Daniel's army of chefs and contributors and was astonished to learn of Chef Dave Middleton and Chef John Courtney's reunification. This phenomenal pair had already impressed the Las Vegas food scene at Marche Bacchus, an off strip locals spot, with their French nuances paired with a classy touch of modernity. But this time, they were in the big leagues, and they are privileged to compete under Chef Daniel's unyielding standard. No taste bud was left unturned. The artichoke velouté, coq au vin, and pistachio cherry were perfection and a true treat. The Tunisian inspired lamb, and an unexpected dish, the Thai calamarie, have such depth and take you through every sensation. Thank you Chef Daniel for your stylish return to our city, you do not disappoint. Chef Dave and his right hand, Chef John are representing you beautifully.
Dined on Saturday 5/3/14. 

I would normally rate this perhaps 3 stars, but being a Daniel Boulud rrestaurant, i expect more.

Food -
To start, I ordered the French Onion soup, which to me, lacked enough cheese. I like a gooey French onion soup. For my main,I ordered the Frenchie burger because I heard DB is famous for his burgers. However, the burger that i got was more like a salt brick. The patty itself seemed that it was way over-salted. Plus they added the "morbier cheese confit pork belly" which sounds delicious on paper but just added to the saltiness. The burger was so salty, i finished 4 glasses of water and only finished half of the burger. In hindsight, I should have sent the burger back, especially paying $19 for a burger, it should be perfect. Also, I do understand the restaurant just opened, so it could be a learning lesson for the kitchen as well. My friend ordered the lingini and loved it. My other friend order the Yankee burger and loved it as well. So take my words with a grain of....salt. ha.

Service -
When our party arrived we were seated immediately in a very nice booth. The restaurant does look like French bistro/brasserie, upscale yet casual. Upon being seated, we waited about 5+ minutes until we received our menus, which I thought was odd. Not sure why the hostess doesn't just hand out the menus (seems inefficient to me). The waitress was very nice and welcoming but seemed very busy. There were a lot of manager looking people standing around. Not sure what they were doing but felt the service could have been more efficient. But again, having recently opened, I'm sure this will be worked out.

Overall, I'm not sure I would recommend this restaurant, especially with all the awesome dining choices you have in Vegas. However, if the food was better (perhaps the kickhen wasn't tasting the food?) and the service kinks were worked out, I do think this could be a good restaurant, especially for the value. If my friends rated this restaurant, they would probably rate it a 4 or 5 stars. However, based on the experience I had, I could not give it more than a 2 and a half,  or 3.
a stripped down menu of french classics with a lightly modern flair.... which is right up my alley.

a great somm, that is really passionate about what he does, and has some rare treats that are at a really reasonable price (he had Francoise Chidaine's Clos Habert from 2006 for less than 70 bucks, which is a phenomenal deal for las vegas). 

I had the:
French Onion Soup
Steak Frites
Cheeses

All three dishes were executed well, and were exactly as I expected them to be. The price is extremely reasonable (just $48 for 3 courses... to compare, I had a mediocre breakfast the next day cost me $32, so three great courses for $48 was great).

I can comfortably say that I will probably dine here whenever I am in town.
Welcome back Daniel, we missed you!

Daniel Boulud Brasserie at Wynn was, in 2010, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Likewise, I was so saddened by the closure. When I heard about the new restaurant at Venetian, I made a reservation as soon as I could. It did not disappoint.

Daniel was in the kitchen when we were there, so I had very high expectations. All I can say is, get the duck! The duck is absolutely superb. Service is also top notch. I will return in the near future for a more detailed review.
This place is fantastic. The decor, service, atmosphere and food are all top notch. Our server was very friendly, he explained everything and answered all of my annoying questions with a smile on his face. Even the bussers are nice and take the time to make sure you are enjoying your meal. The place is cozy too with nice decor. I love the black and white with the green cups and the lighting is perfect not too bright not too dark. So for drinks I had the ménage a tois which is 3 different champagnes. They were all great. My husband had a chocolate cherry martini I had some of that too and would probably let get one of my own next time it was so good. For starters we got duck presse and the burratta. This was the first time I had ever had fois gras and wasn't sure what to expect. I took a bite and it melted in my mouth. I am definitely a fan. The burratta was really good too complimented perfectly with the balsamic and tomatoes. For our main course we had the crispy duck confit. My only duck eating experience has been Chinese food (and earlier mentioned presse) so I had an idea of why to expect. What we got was not what I expected, it was better! A nice crispy outside with tender juicy meat that just falls off the bone inside. This is one of those meals you will dream about. My husband has had duck before and he said this was the best duck he has ever had. For dessert we got the gateau basque. It was also really, good. I could not decide between that and the pistachio sundae. Next time I will have to try that. We were also fortunate enough that DB was in the kitchen that night, but I hope even when he is not there the dishes are still this great. I will be back.
I had a great meal with plenty of other items on the menu I would return for.
We started with the Thai calamari and Pate de campagne.  Both were delicious.  For an entree, I had the halibut which was great, though I wish they had mentioned on the menu that the fava bean puree had mint - it just isn't a flavor I like very much, however the other accompaniments were good.  I ended the meal with their Basque cake, which is a favorite of mine.
Just opened so this is a well kept secret for now.  But it's really good so won't be for long!

Crab salad and lamb flatbread highly recommended.
what a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!! impeccable service from the staff (maître d', server AND bus boys). such a pleasing atmosphere. special thank you to the chef for sending my table a complimentary burrata. 
my party started with the stone oven flat bread that was so light, creamy and cheesy. i ordered the linguini de sud: pasta with clams & shrimp. desert was AMAZING! i ordered the black & white fondant, which is the molten chocolate cake with verbena ice cream.
Three of us, a biker, a runner, and a hiker, met for dinner last night (5/17/14).  The runner had made arrangements with the house for a tasting menu for the three of us with specific dishes included in the tasting.  More on that later.

The evening started with our dual appetizers of Torchon foie gras and Paté de Campagne Bourguignon. The paté and foie gras were excellent with some frisée served with them.  We each got two slices of bread on which to spread the paté.  

Following this, we were brought escargots spätzle with chicken oyster, garlic, parsley coulis, and hazelnut.  The spätzle was soft and very tasty and the nut pieces for texture were a perfect addition.

Next came a course of sea scallops on a bed of corn.  The scallops were cooked on point and this, too, was a very tasty dish.

The the Tunisian lamb chop with some merguez sausage with cousocus, lemon braised spinach, red pepper tagine, and some chickpeas.  The chop was excellent, perfectly rare, and the spinach was very good.  The sausage had a small bit of spiciness to it.  Another winning dish.

For the last main, we got the crispy duck confit with a petite onion ring, trumpet royale mushroom, and some swiss chard and a small turnip.  Excellent duck.  

We then went to our dessert course.  We had ordered 6 items--a cheese plate with 5 selections, raspberry clafoutis, black and white fondant, Gateau Basque, "Le Président", and Madeleines.  The five cheeses were: Pierre Robert Triple crème, Humboldt Fog goat, Petit Basque sheep, Pennsylvania Noble cheddar, and Fourme d'Ambert bleu.  The cheese plate was served with cranberry bread, nuts, and quince preserves.  The cheese plate was outstanding!  My favorites were the triple crème and the bleu.  I often buy Petit Basque so that was nothing new for me.

The desserts were quite good.  Standouts here were the Gateau Basque, "Le Président" and the black and white fondant with verbena ice cream. "Le Président" was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse tort and coffee chantilly.  The gateau Basque was a custard cake, brandied cherries, and vanilla Anglaise.   The texture differences of "Le Président"--the mousse tort with the bitter chocolate rings hiding the interior were wonderful together.  The gateau Basque was very smooth and quite a different cake than generally served.  With dessert, two of us had coffee and one had a single espresso.  

Throughout the meal, the waitstaff was excellent.  There was a little hesitancy with one server as the restaurant has only been open for about three weeks.  I was brought a fresh glass of iced tea before finishing the one I had.  Water was refilled during the meal.

The only reason I didn't give the fifth star was the mixup in the tasting menu.  The runner had taken the lead in contacting the restaurant about a tasting menu.  After some conversation, a list was sent and approved for our group.  However, two of the things we had chosen were not served and one of the appetizers we got, the scallops, was not ordered.  Additionally, we were headed from our lamb right into our dessert course skipping over the duck confit--one of the must items on our list.  When brought to the attention of our lead server, a manager came over in a short while and told us the chef was preparing our duck.

I know the restaurant has only been open a short time, but for a Daniel Boulud restaurant, when a menu has been submitted and agreed to, it should have been followed.  The serving staff was excellent.  The back of the house service needs some improvement.

I hope to go back and let this place wow me again because the food is outstanding.
Items Selected:
db's knees - Martin Miller's Gin, Lemon Juice, Local Desert Honey
Pate de Campagne Borguignon - Pork, Chicken, Mustard, Cornichons, Country Bread
Duck Presse - Foie Gras, Smoked Duck, Rillettes, Rhubarb, Turnips, Pistachio, Frisee
Parmesan Focaccia, Baguette, Butter
Escargots Spatzle - Burgundy Snails, Chicken Oysters, Mushrooms, Garlic Parsley Coulis, Hazelnuts
Sea Scallops - Sweet Corn, Trumpet Mushrooms, Jalapeno, Confit Tomato, Basil
Tunisian Spiced Lamb - Roasted Chop, Merguez Sausage, Couscous, Lemon Braised Spinach, Chickpeas, Red Pepper Tagine
Crispy Duck Confit - Swiss Chard, Turnip, Trumpet Royale Mushrooms, Onion Rings
Pierre Robert Triple Crème, Humbolt Fog, Petit Basque, Penn Noble, Forme d'Ambert with Quince Preserves, Nuts and Cranberry Bread
Chocolate Fondant - Molten Chocolate Cake, Verbena Ice Cream
Raspberry Fondant - Rhubarb gelée, ginger yogurt sorbet
Gateau Basque - Custard Cake, Brandied Cherries, Vanilla Anglaise
Le President - Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly
Freshly Baked Madeleines
Espresso

Having visited every Daniel Boulud property in New York City, from the eponymous 3* dining room and its original 1* Café home to breakfast and brunch at Bistro Moderne and Sud, respectively, it was with great delight that I learned of the chef's return to Sin City - a new Brasserie helmed by former Marche Bacchus chef David Middleton scheduled for dinner with two friends, a tasting menu presumably pre-arranged by private dining manager Heidi Voskuil.  Every bit the bustling space suggested by its name, with close set tables and traditional heavy woods beneath the sexy glow of globed lighting, it was just after 6:30pm on Saturday when our party was seated and starting off with a stunning riff on the Bee's Knees our menu was confirmed...at least conceptually...though much of what followed was not exactly what was requested and much of it was marred by still-green service.  Setting aside small mistakes on sourcing and pronunciation as well as beverages spilled more than once plus an obvious miscommunication from front of house to back about the menu requested it was with a duo of Boulud's superlative terrines that we began and with the foie gras smooth as silk while the chicken and pork pate upped the ante with an earthy funk one can only hope for this program to expands; a "Bar Boulud" charcuterie program like that in Manhattan's theater district seemingly a perfect choice on The Strip.  Moving next to outsourced bread and salty butter before progressing into the one-two punch of garlicky snails followed by the best scallops I've had in recent memory as the restaurant filled to perhaps 80% capacity it was in our fourth course that things got interesting; the lightly seared lamb and its spicy sausage tender and delicious but served as our "main course" when my request had clearly delineated the duck as a 'must.'  Eventually served the confit after much hemming-and-hawing including the involvement of the Dining Room Manager suffice it to say that the crispy-skinned fowl is absolutely worth visiting (and perhaps fighting) for and finishing the evening with a glut of sweets plus a quintet of award-winning cheeses one can only hope the service can soon keep up with the kitchen...not only does Chef Middleton's cuisine warrant it, but so does the textbook Gateau Basque.
For our dining experience Wednesday, May 14.

db Brasserie is a triumphant return of Chef Daniel Boulud. When his brasserie at the Wynn disappeared, I got upset because I couldn't understand why Las Vegas didn't support his culinary talents. But, voila, he's back in Vegas at The Venetian.

This brasserie reminds me of those "classic-looking" restaurants that one sees in film from the late 1800 to early 1900. The vintage floor tiles, lighting fixtures, dark wood panels, white table linens, simple printed menus and professionally dressed waiters evoked a sense of relaxed French brew pub comfort. Service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiter and wait help were always around but never obtrusive. 

The high quality of the "simple" menu items showcased both natural flavors of the main ingredient and the cooking techniques used to prepare each dish. We each started with a flute of db Paris champagne cocktail that was divine..I wanted another but, decided to not be a "lush". Next up, we shared our Thai Calamari appetizer which was a good shareable portion of crispy beer battered tender calamari, pickled Fresno chilies and kafir lime leaf aioli. The beer batter was so crisp and light and the chilie/kaffir lime aioli brightened the flavor. My husband ordered the duck confit as his entree while I tried DB's burger called "The Piggie". Both entrees hit the Gascony comfort food mark. The duck leg confit had been slow cooked in its own fat then its skin was crisped just before service...the duck meat was meltingly tender and well-seasoned. My "Piggie" burger was a tender, flavorful coarse ground 7 ounce all beef patty topped with juicy tender house made shredded BBQ  pork, jalapeño mayonnaise and stuffed into a potato bun. On the side was a cupful of pommes frites aka French Fries. You could tell these fries had been double fried from its crispy exterior and smooth center...all the full potato flavor exuded from each stick. The portions were just the right size to its price point. But, each dish was big on flavor.

I expected a lot from Chef Boulud since I have had the pleasure of dining in his other restaurants, in New York and Las Vegas. He did NOT disappoint me!
There were definitely hits and misses at this new place.  Unfortunately, there is so much competition in Vegas (and even in the same hotel), that I don't think we will be back.  The service was very good.  But I don't understand the bread service.  Two people get two small pieces of bread - fine.  But they are two different kinds of bread - french and focaccia!?! Now I have to figure out which we each get?  Or am I supposed to break the tiny pieces in half?  DB, don't make me think this hard at the beginning of my meal.  Seafood tower - good.  Duck/foie - great. Onion soup - okay (too little cheese and added chunks of beer), Hamachi - horrible (we both took one bite and didn't want any more because the flavors did go well together and the hamachi itself didn't taste that great).  Wine pairings were great, as suggested by our waiting (who evidently was a certified somm, and didn't a great job).
My husband, our one year old daughter, and I decided to venture out to the strip for dinner one night. We are regulars at Bouchon, but decided to try DB Brasserie for the first time.  

I ordered the flatbread and calamari, and my husband had a burger.  Overall, we were not very impressed at all.  Calamari was pretty good, but everything else was meh...however, i do have to give them credit for the desserts.  The madelines were so perfect and warm!

Service was ok and very pretentious, they were not accommodating at all to children, unlike Bouchon.  It seemed like waiters and managers tried to make us feel uncomfortable because we had our baby with us with dirty looks. 

Don't think we will be going back, going to Bouchon instead!
I visited DB last night. I was so looking forward to my visit, thinking back to Chef's previous restaurant in the Wynn Las Vegas. So, not so great. The setting is less than desirable being direct off the Casino, with all the noise and all the revelers that is Las Vegas. Poor location. Then there is a "lounge " area which is comfy, but very loud once filled. Not a good dining experience at all. I have no complaints about the quality of the food. Not too French, per se, but more "country French" a la Bocuse. Probably will not return.
Undeserving.  They advertise a amazing Frenchie Burger. What we got was an awful burger served with cold fries. How does a high end brasserie serve cold fries? Stay away.
Girls weekend in Vegas and we decided to treat ourselves to a special dinner and chose DB Brasserie.  The restaurant is classic French brasserie, simple and classic with dark woods and dark leather banquette.  Service was attentive, efficient and extremely professional.  Our server Erik was so helpful and provided great recommendations.  I ordered the trio of champagne cocktails and really enjoyed the DB Paris the most, champagne with an x-rated passionfruit liqueur.  We ordered the lamb flatbread as a starter...so good...ground lamb delicately spiced with cumin and coriander and a perfect way to begin the meal.  My friend ordered the lobster ravioli special...generous serving of raviolis, plump with lobster...very tasty.  I ordered the duck confit: perfectly tender duck topped with super crispy duck skin and crispy wisps of onion rings served over braised Swiss Chard and trumpet mushrooms.  We also order the creamed spinach (who doesn't love creamed spinach?) and the pea fricassee, both great accompaniments to our mains.  To finish things off, we ordered the Black & White Fondant, a rich molten lava cake served with a refreshing verbena ice cream.  The food, the service and the restaurant were absolutely wonderful.  Looking forward to returning!
This is a preliminary 4-star review.. the food was fantastic, but the service was a little spotty. As it's a new restaurant, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt and assuming it will get better with time. 

We had the foie gras torchon, onion soup, lobster salad, duck confit, and tunisian lamb. Everything was really quite delicious, except the onion soup. The duck was really crispy on the outside and deliciously juicy on the inside. The tunisian lamb was tender and cooked to rare perfection and wasn't too gamey. For dessert, we ordered le president and the souffle. The souffle was perfectly fluffy and light. I really enjoyed it, but my mom doesn't like grand marnier and found it was too .. grand marnier-y. 

The onion soup was.. interesting, to say the least. I guess the description does say "beef and onion soup," but I was not expecting there to be chunks of beef in the soup. The waitress said that it was brisket, but it really just tasted like boiled beef that had been used to flavor the broth and not taken out. I have never in my life had a french onion soup with beef cubes in it. 

The service was mostly good, but kind of off. The critical comments I am about to make - I am writing them in the hopes that this is a new restaurant and management is reading every review to try to make improvements. We were a little late for our reservation, but were still seated promptly. When I asked where the restroom was, the busser / water guy walked me to it rather than just pointing across the room. 

The waitress never introduced herself, so I cannot tell you whom I'm talking about. She was friendly and mostly a good waitress. However, she interrupted me mid-sentence not once, not twice, but three times during our meal - rather than waiting nearby or trying to make eye contact before approaching, she interrupted me mid-sentence to tell us about the specials or ask how we were doing. She also forgot to tell us the specials and had to come back to tell us about them, but she didn't have them memorized so she had to look at her notepad, which seemed kind of amateur. She also did not know how to pronounce many of the menu items (the lady who brought our wine out also stumbled with the pronunciation). 

Finally - there is a huge analog clock on the wall facing the restaurant. I had the misfortune of sitting facing toward it, which made me painfully aware of the passage of time. When I'm going out to eat at a real sit-down restaurant, I want to be able to enjoy a leisurely, unhurried meal. The clock made me feel as though the restaurant was saying, "tick tock! time's a-wasting! get on out!" 

I will definitely be coming back here within the next few months, because the food was really good. Hopefully they will work out the kinks by then!
I love Daniel Boulud and was expecting a great lunch.  The bread was good, but brought after lunch was served.  The pork belly on my Frenchie burger was extremely chewy and not tender at all.  I'm glad they had Scrimshaw.  The dessert was good, gateau Basque, but not very fanciful for $13.  Worth noting, I overheard the server complain to his busser on the job he was doing.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed in both the food and service(which was pretty stuffy).
Chef Daniel Boulud's triumphant return to Vegas.  This incarnation, a modern brasserie using the freshest, locally sourced, seasonal ingredients in updated, French classic dishes.  Intriguing elements in every dish brighten flavors and awaken the palate.  Add some beautifully imagined French craft cocktails; this is not your typical austere brasserie.

The requisite classics are there; a well made pate de champagne bourguignon with bits of this and that served with house made cornichons and whole grain mustard with bread, the authenticity of which is rarely tasted outside of Europe.  The obligatory shellfish plateau; a mountain of fresh seafood, begging for a glass of Sancerre.  The austere coq au vin, with it's perfectly braised pieces of chicken amidst lardoons, mushrooms and pearl onions.  All good but pale in comparison to dishes showcasing the chef's Michelin pedigree.

The artichoke veloute is incredible.  Velvety smooth.  Huge vegetal flavor of artichokes balanced with cream around a mushroom royale.  Bits of mushrooms provide texture.  A submerged "crouton" soaked in butter adds even greater richness.  Pair the dish with the "Bee's Knees" and be blown away by the complexity created by the sweetness, acidity, and richness.  The salmon rillettes, all the flavor of salmon, made smooth, rich, and creamy.  Hints of fennel add a wonderful anise notes, fried capers add texture and briny salinity.  Finally the dry aged Brandt ribeye.  Simply grilled served with a béarnaise sauce, more acidic and with herbaceous notes than most that heightens the nutty, bleu cheese flavor of the steak.

Tip:  Lunch is a deal.  $26 for two courses, $33 for three.

Tip:  Match a craft cocktails with each dishes.  Cocktails are extremely complex with the use of many different bitters.  Most have great acidity.  Dare I say, perfect pairings work better than wine.

Very good wine list.  Heavy emphasis on France.  Decent vintage depth.   Best "value" in older vintages.  

Contemporary, bright ambiance.  Excellent, relaxed service.  You would never know the restaurant has been opened for only a month.

Definitely a welcome addition to the Vegas culinary scene.
Great dinner and experience!

Classic brasserie feel to the restaurant, felt like we were in Paris- but actually Venice :)

Started with tart Flambe, very light flat bread with a cream sauce, caramelized onions and bacon.  Perfect beginning, not too heavy but with great refined flavors.  The Burrata salad had a large soft creamy burrata ball onto of an artichoke heart.  Amazing.  Amazing.

Our waiter- Silvano pouched me to the duck confit over a burger.  Best choice ever.  Classic leg quarter, crispy skin, and juicy meat under.  The duck was succulent.  Best duck I've ever had.

In the world of celebrity chef restaurants with food for the masses...this chef is a chef before the celebrity status kicked in.
Shady rolled into Daniels Boulud's new venue on a Tues evening for his most eagerly anticipated meal of his 8 day  assault on Vegas. And Shady is very happy to report it lived up to all expectations. Shady and lucky dining partner started with some cocktails, Shady opting for the trio of Champagne. 1 too sweet, 1 very good and one 1 just right-the Cherry flavored was the best of the three. For starters, Shady and Co. opted for the Piosson fume and the hamachi cru. The Piosson was delicious smoked salmon expertly presented  and the crue equally as impressive. For mains, and this where DB stands apart, Shady went for the Duck Confit and lucky lucky guest went for 95$ ribeye. The duck was as good as Shady has ever had, maybe the best period. Shady licked the bone and thought about eating that as well. Crisp, not gamey, this is THE Duck dish in Vegas. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. Shadys guest was in food heaven. For dessert, Shady went off road and ordered the cheese plate. Three off the charts cheeses, the bleu cheese being Shady's favorite. Service was as good as it gets, with Shady's server being patient, thorough and professional. The venue is impressive, and the overall was just terrific. The Duck makes Shady's hall of fame. Welcome back DB, we will see you again.
Ate here with customers while at a convention in the Venetian.  Outstanding.  Great service, excellent food.  Started off with several appetizers for the table - delicious crispy and NOT greasy calamari, crab and avocado dish, and really good burrata cheese.  Also had some excellent bread.  My guests all ordered the steaks (different cuts) - one was a little too cooked but he did not send it back (ordered it med rare and it came out medium).  They all added the lobster "upgrade" (think that it was $16 more each plate).  I had a tasty halibut.  It was poached and it was completely white, looked like cheese it was so pure a white.  We each ordered dessert - 2 got delicious scoops of gelato ($3/scoop), I got the Gateau Basque (a lemony tart with crème anglaise),  another ordered the black and white fondant (it was a chocolate bomb dessert - delicious but SUPER rich), and finally the President.  We shared.  The President is not suitable for sharing - too difficult to split up.  The tart was my favorite - and also a big favorite of the table.  The sizes of the dessert are just right - not huge.  Wine list has some reasonable selections.  I returned the following night for late night drinks in the bar and got the same terrific service.  Had 3 specialty coffees, a ~$70 bottle of wine, 2 cocktails, and the bill for 5 with a 20% tip was just under $600.  I would absolutely return here - over and over again!
They still have a lot to sort out here. I understand its a brasserie and not fine dining but it could and should be better. The  Burrata was decent but not as creamy as other places. The French onion soup has a lot of beef and almost no onion or cheese. Saffron linguini was barely edible- way too spivey and barely any sea food. The side of mushrooms was way too sour but they were kind enough to take that off the bill. 
The molten chocolate cake was really good. Sage is a better bet or maybe we should have just got a burger.
Love this place. We had tried one of his restaurants in New York on loved it. We, also, loved Daniel Boulud's old resturant in Las Vegas and were sad to see it close. So when we heard he was coming back to open another restaurant, we just couldn't pass up the opportunity to try it.  This restaurant has a good mix of up-scale, as well as, casual elements.  The dinner room is large and open. The menu selection has a little for everyone ranging from artisan pasta, several classical french dishes, to burgers.  My mom tried the 3 course tasting menu and I ordered off the menu.  We started with the Thai calamari which has hints of curry and lemon grass and the pate de campagne bourguignon which came with great crusty bread, mustard and homemade pickles. Next, we had linguini de sud, which was a pasta infused with lemon and saffaron and topped with shrimp, clams, and arugula.  My mom ordered a crispy, skin on, sea bass type of fish with fingerling potatoes. And for dessert we ended with the cherry pistachio sundae topped with  butterscotch sauce and marshmellows, but next time, I have my eye on the souffle.  All the dishes where artfully presented and the staff were super helpful in suggestion. Good portion size and price!
Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
Beginning to think its a thing with Vegas... They are slow to cocktails and bad with follow up service. Our waiter was superb, but we didn't he didn't tell us about the specials and the refills on water were less than speedy. The kicker... There were at least FOUR men in suits standing around looking important while the servers and bus boys busted their butts. 

So, then why the four star review? Because the food was excellent and that's really the point. The butter poached halibut may have been the best thing I tasted all week.
This is quickly going to become one of my favorite spots on the strip. Quiet, yet boisterous. Elegant, but subdued. I've wanted to try Chef Boulud's food for a long time. It exceeded all of my expectations...which were very high.

The service was good. We had an attentive waiter, everything came out in a timely manner and every need was met. Nothing over the top and nothing that set DB apart from the norm, but good. The only gripe I have is that it would've been nice to have some more description of the courses as they came out. These aren't your typical "steak frites" or "onion soup" dishes. Some involved some serious thought and expertise and deserved more than just, "here's your calamari."

I loved the atmosphere. A fine mix of classic French decor, (tile floors and leather banquettes) and a contemporary, inviting ambience. It was luxurious, yet comfortable.

But what brings this restaurant to five stars is the food. We didn't get an entree; just a plethora of small plates and appetizers.

Lamb flatbread: perfectly crispy and rich. The buttery lamb was braised down with eggplant and Mediterranean spices until it was smooth and silky. The yogurt based sauce on top added just the right amount of tang to balance out the rich flavor of the lamb. It was garnished with micro cilantro that still had seedlings of coriander attached and diced apricots. Really added nice fresh and sweet notes so that everything was in perfect harmony.

Shellfish plateau: this is a guilty pleasure of ours. Nothing different from the norm aside from the ridiculous freshness of everything. We had oysters from both the east and west coasts (I can't tell you what kind they were because we weren't informed). They were plump, juicy and sweet. There was also king crab, lobster tail and shrimp. The mignonette was tart and peppery and was perfect with the oysters. They also served a beautiful "French" cocktail sauce which had the addition of mayonnaise and brandy. A nice touch that gave a lobster bisque-ish flavor to the perfectly poached shellfish.

Balik smoked salmon: my favorite dish of the evening. The house cured and smoked salmon was garnished simply with toasted caraway seed and sliced. It was so unctuous and creamy. Easily the best smoked salmon I've ever tried. There were little potato dauphinois puffs with the roe and a touch of creme fraiche in the middle. Light, but rich and unbelievably delicious. I wonder if they sell those instead of popcorn at movie theaters in France. The trio of salmon was finished with a decadent salmon rillette with a tiny toasted pumpernickel cracker on the bottom. So much technique was put into this dish. It was perfect.

Burratta salad: a simple and unique take on a tomato-mozzarella salad. The burratta sat atop a braised artichoke heart, which, in turn, sat atop diced tomatoes. It was surrounded by a salad of arugula with a sharp balsamic vinaigrette. Under normal circumstances, the acidity of the dressing would've been overwhelming. But this is why I was so impressed with this place. The chefs know how rich the burratta is and how much it craves to be cut by a little acid. Balance. It's all about balance.

Thai calamari: perfectly cooked. I know it's cliche to say something like that in a review, but more often than not, calamari is over cooked in many restaurants. The beer batter was so incredibly crispy and worked so well with the chewy texture of the beloved mollusk. The sauce was a play on thai red curry and had some good spice to it. It was all finished with pickled, bright red Fresno chiles and cilantro. A beautiful dish in sight and in taste.

Pommes frites: I had to get em. Nothing special here, but they were, of course, perfect. Served with ketchup, to my surprise. I asked for a side of aioli and was obliged. When in Rome!

Balance. Years of training and obsession with perfection. Countering textures and flavors. Sweet, spicy, bitter, sour, savory...they were all there. My hat is off to you, Chef Boulud. A perfect meal.
DB Brasserie has returned to the Strip and I must say that my return visit was one of the best dinner experiences I ever had.

First, let's go back in time to my review of Daniel Boulud Brasserie when they were located at The Wynn -- http://bit.ly/1o4M0AL
Looking back at that review it's pretty interesting to know that it was my first foray into high end gourmet burgers.  That DB Burger was simply too amazing and when I found out that DB Brasserie was returning, I had high hopes in being able to have the DB Burger once again.  However, a few weeks before my trip, I saw their grand opening menu and noticed that it was missing, which almost made me not want to go.

When I arrived in Vegas, at first I wasn't too sure about going there since it was so close to their grand opening and I assumed they were still working out the kinks.  So it pretty much became a game-time decision on my last day there when I made a reservation for dinner.  And I don't regret that decision one bit!

I love the fresh new look of the place.  It's definitely brighter and more inviting than the old location which was dark and almost cave-like.  The decor is quite similar to Bouchon which is a hybrid of classic bistro look with a modern touches.

Menu -- http://bit.ly/1mmt90m
I'm not sure what exactly carried over from the old Wynn location, but this current menu is a like a 'greatest hits' mashup of all his restaurants in NYC from Bar Boulud, DBGB, and Daniel.  Unfortunately for me, the DB Burger that I enjoyed back at the old location wasn't on the menu here.  Which was fine because I was willing to try something new with this visit.

Here's what I had for dinner:

Fresh baked baguette and foccacia. -- http://bit.ly/1omQGCE
They give you a small portion to start with, but you can always ask for more bread.  The baguette was nice, hot, and chewy.

Escargot Spatzle -- http://bit.ly/1omQMKA
burgundy snail fricassée, chicken "oysters", mushrooms, garlic, parsley coulis, hazelnut
I've never had Escargot of any kind before so I decided to man-up and try this.  It was delicious!  I actually couldn't distinguish the Escargot from the sauteed mushrooms, but everything on the plate tasted good with the spatzle giving it some substance.

Beef Duo  -- http://bit.ly/1noUxOz
red wine braised short ribs & roasted tournedos, Supergreen spinach, pommes purée, carrots 'niçoise'
I basically decided to order this beforehand when I saw them post a pic of this on their Facebook page.  Can you say....OMFGYUM!!!  The short ribs were braised perfectly that it broke down so easily with my fork.  No knife needed!!  And the tournedo was like butter!!  So tender and juicy and just melted in my mouth!  This was probably one of the best beef entrees I've ever had.

"le president" - chocolate and hazelnut mousse tart --  http://bit.ly/1p5pp9Q
Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly
Best way to finish the night.  I ordered this with zero expectations and it was rich decadent.  Very nice presentation!  The mousse was nice and cool too.

I'm definitely coming back to DB Brasserie.  I would love to try everything else on the menu and hopefully next time I go there, maybe the DB Burger will return.   I actually wouldn't mind coming back for lunch as well, now that they have a 3-course prix-fixe menu for under $30.  It doesn't get any better than that, especially on The Strip.  Overall, I highly recommend DB Brasserie!  They really impressed me with their exceptional service, lively atmosphere, and delicious food.  Thank you, Daniel Boulud for bringing DB Brasserie back to Las Vegas!
I had the Beef Duo which was excellent because filet and short rib should be good.  Mom had the NY Steak med rare and that thick slice of goodness was the best NY that I had ever seen or tasted.  Very tender and red from edge to edge.  You only see that in a Southwest airline magazine that you expect is photoshopped.  Sister had the Duck Confit which was rich and crispy.  The best meal in Vegas ever.   France has invaded Italy and Delmonico next door is going to be the first casualty of Daniel Boulud's presence in the Venetian.  The neighbors have to step up their game now.
Fantastic spot for a ladies' lunch.
Want a french destination that you can wear shorts in? Check this place out! Everything fantastic, from the small plates to the beautiful lobster salad and giant size entree's.  A great concept.  This is a place I can't wait to return to, the cocktail menu is serious. Best bread in Vegas.  Outstanding service.
My dining experience here was so much better than I expected. With the glut of celebrity chef restos that phone it in and print money luring in the Food Network convention demographic, I was expecting a "nice" dinner at inflated prices. I was meeting someone during the one hour dinner break in a poker tournament and DB was very close by to the poker room. Decided it would be nice to take advantage of the better dining options at the Venetian since the Rio is sorely lacking in that area.

Our hostess was very courteous when we asked if they had a table for two available although were a walk in (although I didn't show up with a huffy and entitled shitty attitude, so that probably helped too, take note Yelpers...) and we were offered a vacant table right away.

We were waited on promptly and told our waitress we had a time constraint. That mostly worked well although we had to wave her down when it was time to head out, but at that point quite a few more diners had arrived and the bill was still settled in time. 

I chose a glass of wine from a list that looked thoughtful and well-curated. It was an exceedingly rare occasion to have an available selection of quality wines offered by the glass. 

Our starters were the burrata and the escargots spaetzle. The latter was an exceptional combination of flavors and textures. Mains were the halibut and Tunisian lamb. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with an elegant but simple presentation. 

I would go so far as to say this definitely exceeds Bouchon for a few reasons: service is better overall, ambiance more intimate (Bouchon can get deafeningly loud with a crowd in there), cocktails and wine list appear better and the food is much better overall. Not much "simple" French bistro fare at DB but most dishes feature Boloud's signature Med touches yet remain unfussy, despite the lengthy menu descriptions for some.

I would compare our dinner to courses I've had at a few one-star Michelin restaurants even. I highly recommend a visit here if you're staying at the Venetian, and even if you're not it's worth coming from another hotel to dine here. 

We didn't have time to try dessert or an opportunity to return, but I'd love to return next time I'm in Vegas.
Went here based on the reviews. The place is nicely decorated. Ordered the lamb dinner and some port wine. The lamb was okay, nothing spectacular. There was a little too much fat for my liking.
Booked reservation on OpenTable for 3 people at 8:30 on a Sunday without issue.

We were running a few minutes late, so I called the restaurant to let them know, and they were fine with it.

After walking through the Venetian casino, you will find DB Brasserie nestled in a back corner with a prominently displayed "A" health rating.

We were quickly seated in what was about a half empty dining room, and it remained that way through our whole meal.  The ambiance is nice, comfortable seating, booths, tables, a long bar.  Water served without ice, how European.

The Cocktail Menu:
There is a good mix of inventive drinks here.  I personally had the Ex Pat, with a flavor that developed nicely as the vanilla and ginger infused ice ball melted into the straight bourbon.  I tried my friend's Manhattan, and it had nicely layered flavor.

Food:
I started with Escargot that were fried to a delicious, almost crispy chicken skin consistency.  There was also a mixture of shaved and fried garlic with normally cooked escargot.  The Foie Gras with cashew bread and a sweet chutney leveled with the salt and fat present very well.  For Main, I had the steak frites - crunchy, salty fries, perfectly medium rare flank steak.  Friend had the New York Strip cooked near rare, and it was a little tougher than it should have been in my opinion.  Dessert - Grand Marnier Souffle - delicately delicious with nice citrus notes.  "Black and White"- decadent and very rich.

General:
No salt and pepper on the table, which is not surprising.  Background music was a good mixture which specifically included a song by Disclosure.  Service was attentive.

We visited with the place only having been open around 6 weeks.  Overall, impressed, would come back, and not worry too much about getting a reservation on OpenTable.
We'd had a dinner reservation for the 4th of July at another restaurant but since we were running late, I was forced to cancel it.  While in a cab to our hotel, I grabbed one of the free booklets in the cab and immediately saw Daniel Boulud's restaurant DB Brasserie.  I immediately went to OpenTable to book a reservation.  I recently finished reading "Talking With My Mouth Full" by Gail Simmons where she talks quite a bit about Daniel Boulud so I knew I had to try his food.  When we arrived, I don't think the restaurant was half full.  We were seated at a two person top.  I quickly found that my back was to the restaurant which bummed me out.  I was facing a wall.  Before we were even served our dinner, another couple was seated right next to us.  Really?  The place is half empty and you have to seat another table right next to us?  I thought that was pretty lame.  But we started with bartender's choice mocktails of which mine was pineapple, orange, cranberry juices and my partner's was lavender soda.  They were both good but hers was a bit more unique.  We then tried the Thai style calamari.  It was excellent with a lime sauce and pickled, julienned vegetables.  There were also some fried onions which I didn't think were really needed.  I'd preferred just the calamari rather than what seemed to be a filler for the tender seafood.  My partner got the Duck Confit which was incredible.  It was tender, flavorful meat with a crispy skin on top of swiss chard with sautéed onions, crispy onion rings, turnips and a thick, leathery mushroom that my partner didn't like so I ate them.  The dish was awesome.  She was in heaven.  It's not often that you find duck confit for dinner which was a nice treat.  Whenever we see it as an appetizer, we get it so it was such a treat to have it as an entree.

We'd been hiking all day so I was really interested in the pasta dish Linguine De Sud which was lemon linguine with assorted seafood.  When it was set down in front of me, it looked amazing.  It was a reasonable portion of pasta.  I hate when a trough of food is placed in front of me.  I'm more about quality than quantity.  Usually, when there's enough for six people in one dish, they're making up for something which means it's not going to be an incredible dish.  I took the first bite and just loved the feel of the homemade pasta, the smooth, richness of the delicate sauce.  I was in heaven.  Before I could take my next bite, I felt a bit of heat to the dish.  I actually coughed a few times as I wasn't expecting it to attack the back of my throat.  My partner asked if I was ok.  I told her of the heat.  We exchanged bites and I warned her about the heat.  I love spice but she does not.  It completely choked her.  She drank a glass of water and had to wait a bit before resuming eating her dinner.  I didn't mind the heat but did find it a bit overpowering for such a delicate dish.  I really felt that they accidentally dumped too much red pepper in the dish and just didn't feel like remaking it.  I thought about mentioning it to the server but didn't want her to think I was complaining.  I did finish the entire dish but had that pepper catch in my throat several times.  I was almost sweating by the time I finished.  I reread the menu and I wasn't sure it was the same dish.  I was happy none-the-less.  We decided to split a dessert - the Le President which was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse with coffee cream in a chocolate shell.  It was so rich and wonderful that we couldn't even finish it.

It was a nice evening with some really good food.  I wish the craps tables were as nice!
Ever since foie gras has been banned from California establishments, I've had a real hankering for goose liver and made the executive decision for my group to dine here.  

Upon being seated, we were greeted with a complimentary glass of chilled Veuve Clicquot champagne. Clearly the evening was off to a good start! The terrine de foie gras really hit the spot but the pate de campagne bourguignon was superb : everyone was fighting over the last bite!

Dishes Sampled:

TARTE FLAMBEE
PÂTÉ DE CAMPAGNE BOURGUIGNON
TERRINE OF FOIE GRAS
ESCARGOTS SPÄTZLE
KING CRAB TIMBALE
SEA SCALLOPS
CRISPY DUCK CONFIT
GÂTEAU BASQUE
"LE PRÉSIDENT"

The Gateau Basque was divine, and my scallops were perfectly seared. Overall an outstanding dining experience, the restaurant is the spitting image of a Parisian brasserie and the food does not disappoint.
Saturday night, 7/5/14, 7:00PM.

I never got around to eating at Daniel Boulud's brasserie at the Wynn before it closed so I was excited to try his new restaurant at the Venetian.  It is an inviting open restaurant with a large bar area and dark wood furnishings all around.  

We arrived before our other guests and sat down for a pre-dinner drink at the bar.  We had boulevardier ($17) and a maitresse ($13).  The brasserie's version of the boulevardier is a mixture of Bulleit rye whiskey instead of bourbon, Aperol instead of Campari and sweet vermouth with a slice of orange rind.  It was a really good pour with no ice to mask the taste and the heavy cut crystal glass it was served in was a nice touch.  The maitresse, served in a martini glass, was a sweet concoction of rum, lime and coconut liqueur that perhaps would make a good drink if you were sitting by the pool but it didn't work well before dinner.

When the rest of the group arrived, we started with the Terrine of foie gras ($24), burrata ($14), and the crab timbale ($20).  All three tasted ok but the delicate crab flavor was overwhelmed by the taste of the overlying fruit and the foie gras terrine didn't have the punch or flavor of the seared version that you could get upstairs at Bouchon.

For dinner we has the Tunisian lamb with merguez sausage ($45), the sea scallops ($29), the oven roasted halibut ($40) and the swordfish ($42).  The scallops had a good sear on them and were served on a bed of sweet corn and shitake mushrooms.  They were delicious. The halibut was also cooked just right and was moist and flavorful. On the other hand, the swordfish was on the dry side and kind of bland.  Perhaps they had two different chefs cooking the fish that night?  The lamb and spicy sausage tasted fine on its own but seemed heavy in comparison to the first two seafood dishes.

For desert, the standout of the night was the grand marnier soufflé with vanilla anglaise sauce ($15). I don't know how he got it to be so light and airy or how it came out so fast but it was one of the best I have ever had. Roy Yamaguchi could learn a thing or two about cooking soufflé's from this place. We also split the pistachio-cherry Sunday ($14). This tasted great while you were eating the overlying flavorful pistachio ice cream but it lost its charm when you got down to the sour cherry ice cream underneath.

Overall, it was a good dining experience. The place was kind of empty for dinner time on a Saturday night but perhaps that is because it is still new. I also notice with trepidation that some of the dish prices at the restaurant are already a dollar or two higher than what is advertised on the online menu. As it is still kind of early to be raising prices, I hope it doesn't mean the new restaurant is already in trouble.  I would recommend it and I know I would go back, especially for more soufflé.