After a five-night spree of dining out in Madison for birthdays and out-of-town visitors, a spree that included such well known fixtures as New Seoul, The Great Dane, and Restaurant Magnus the overwhelming week's victor was one of Madison's newest, The Cubano Room.

Walking into the Cubano, the place just explodes in confidence and style.  Saturated crimsons color the walls, high key lighting adds accents around the room.  The large room manages to feel sophisticated while calm, a feat that is easier said than done.  

While our wait staff, far contrary to our bartender, could have been a bit more knowledgeable and opinionated on her descriptions and preferences than the "everything is really good" response, the truth was that everything was really good.  

With the trademark Chimichurri Sauce, a sweet but punchy mix of lemon, vinegar, and spices, here a bit sweeter than usual, it melds perfectly and lets the dishes truly take off.  A perfectly cooked and seasoned hamburger made with the finest angus beef is as tasty as they come.  A rich salad executed with precision and balance.  Finally, a more classical Cuban-pressed sandwich with melted goat cheese, a sweet variety of peppers, steak strips and of course beans and rice.  The dishes designed with a respectful level handedness for all components create no element too strong, no factor less important, and all the better from their fantastic Chimichurri sauce.

The dishes sing without coming across as swanky blasting out aggressive flavors and a hefty tab, rather gently coming together in a sum-of-all-parts manner.  This allows the Cubano's food to initially appear simple but taste refined; the amazing duality thus being such refinement actually makes it chic without the pomp. 

Side bar.  Visit the bar.  With a truly impressive list of drafts and bottles which will have you stop in again just for a nightcap.
My friend and I had a lunch. This is the downstairs of Samba Brazilian Grill building, which looks fancy from the outside, but it's actually very casual. The great thing is that Cabana room is equipped with a nice full bar, and they make pretty good Bloody Mary. 

On my friend's recommendation, I ordered Feijoada - Brazilian black bean soup with few different kinds of meat (sausage, shredded beef/pork etc). It came with a plate of rice, and I guess you can eat the soup with the rice, but frankly, I wasn't crazy about the soup with or without the rice - just didn't care.  Maybe the blandness is the authentic style, but I kept pouring hot sauce and salt just to get any flavor I can out of the soup. 

Bloody mary, on the other hand, was great. If I didn't have to work in the afternoon, I would have gone for the second.
More casual than Samba upstair, the Cabana room still offers a nice selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and wraps all at a much more moderate price.  The mojito is, in my opinion, the best in town.  Service is good, although the waitstaff seems a little harried.  A couple of times we needed to flag our server down for more drinks, but no biggie.  

The curried squash soup was very good, and was served with a couple of the little cheesy-bread things that accompany meals in Samba.  I have no idea what they are, they're just good.  My house salad was a little light on the mango vinaigrette, but since I'd had plenty of calories from mojitos, perhaps they were doing me a favor.  Next time, I'd get more dressing on the side.
The Cabana Room is exactly what I look for in a casual dinner place. The entrees are very reasonably priced at $5-9, and in addition to several good vegetarian options they allow you to replace any of the specialty burgers with veggie burgers. I had the vegetarian burger with roasted peppers and goat cheese, a GREAT combination.
Our night started out with wrong drink orders, a server who couldn't tell the difference between clams and mussels, and, er, did not know the menu well at all. This not only makes me sad, but makes me think the managers don't have a rope on their waitstaff.  Telling us, "the specials are lamb and snapper.  If you are interested in them, let me know..otherwise I will just be reciting the speech."  Um, are you for reals?  I know this isn't necessarily an upscale place, but that's not something you say to your table. 

Anyways, I did enjoy my cabana burger with avo, bacon, and blue cheese (asked for med rare..and actually cooked to medium rare..whoopee!). The chimichurri sauce was pretty wonderful, too. 
However, my yummy food was pretty much canceled out when my dining companion's seafood stew came out with two dead mussels. Shouldn't the kitchen be catching that? When asked to get two edible mussels, the server (a different one..we couldn't catch ours), didn't really know what to do. Eventually after 5 minutes a whole new dish of seafood stew came out - while everyone else at our table was already done at this point.  Um, okay. Huh. Nothing was taken off our bill. Not that I necessarily thought it should have, but maybe comp us a drink? Or not, whatever...

Good burger, shoddy service at best. Huge beer menu. I would stick to the bar portion of Cabana Room. I  certainly think this place would be much better if the service was ramped up! Maybe we just got the dud...
I was not very impressed at this place.  Went with 4 other gfs for dinner and drinks... Everything took FOREVER.
Sat at the bar first, while we waited... not busy really at all and 2 drinks took about 10 minutes.
Once we were seated, it took about another 10 minutes to be greeted.  And the restaurant was not busy at all, and I think our server maybe had one other table.  
She did not seem like she wanted to be there, was short with us and seemed burdened when we wanted another round of drinks and requested to start with apps.
The food didn't make up for the service either, unfortunately.  My salad had an olive dressing of sorts and that is all I could taste, was olives.  Not the cheese, which should have been the highlight.
I won't go back.
This dining experience was a mix of both enjoyment and disappointment. Definitely not the fabulous experience of it's sister restaurant upstairs, Samba. Not that that was expected--especially considering that the bill was about HALF what we spent at brunch upstairs...even WITH drinks at the Cabana Room!

"Woo" for:

1) Super yummy mojitos(that rival Jolly Bob's--gasp)
2) Nice bar with an impressive array of tap beers--and decent sampler prices
3) A nice outdoor alcove of seating(even if it was too chilly to take advantage of

"Boo" for:

1) Small number of indoor tables
2) A waiter that didn't even bother to tell us the specials(I so would have gone for the lamb stew...which I saw on the board on the way OUT)

Our food came quickly, which was nice since I was super hungry. I was torn between the  chile rellenos, and the Lamb and Goat cheese sandwich(I went with the chiles). My man had the Cabana burger, which was super sloppy and oozing blue cheese and onions, but was also topped with bacon and avocado. A bit much to me, but he seemed to like it. My pepper was okay, but not memorable. The only description I have is "meh". I'll  try this place again, probably to enjoy the outdoor seating...but I'd rather save my pennies and dine upstairs.
I like it.  Great drink specials.  Some of the food is hit or miss.  Burgers there are awesome.  As are the nachos.  I had the prime rib one night, and was pretty disappointed.  I've found the waitstaff nice and friendly overall, no problems there.  I recommend it overall, nice place to go.
I hear the drinks are good so that might result in it getting more stars from me but as far as the food goes - meh. I made the mistake of getting the curry which I was leary about because most places that do a wide variety of cuisines tend to overextend their menu(i.e. a place that does mexican, american, chinese, indian, etc.) That'd just be weird. Well, I tried the curry and the problem was there is a lot of better, authentic curries at the nearby Indian restaurants so why pay the same price for something from the Cabana Room? The service was dreadful and we waited a long time to get our bill despite us being about the only customers there. I don't know, just didn't sit well with me.
Service was great, food arrived hot and quickly. The flavors were amazing. We had the chicken mole, the jerk tacos and a brazillian stew. 
I'll definitely be back here again.
First time seeing non-alcohol mojito on the menu- very convenient-

Had the soup, salmon+ mashed potato for dinner- Good food

My friend had the avocado burger- looks amazing and he cleaned the plate-
WORST. DINING EXPERIENCE. OF MY LIFE. I registered for a Yelp account now, just to post the most negative review I could manage to write. The service was aggressively terrible - not intentionally rude, but negligent/incompetent to the point of rudeness. To illustrate, I include a timeline of our dinner: 

6:15 - party of 2 seated; table too tall for my short girlfriend; promise made to move us to recently vacated table once it was cleared.
6:30 - water poured; drink order attempted, but since we had no drink menu, unsuccessful.
6:40 - new table cleared; moved.
6:50 - drink order taken, along with food, though only because we flagged down our waiter as he walked by.
7:15 - drinks arrive. Observe table seated after us receiving food. Gnawing hunger begins.
7:40 - ask if food will be up soon; told the "kitchen is really backed up." At no point until now had water been refilled, or had we been given any indication that we were still in our server's plans.
7:59 (exact time significant, since we'd resolved at 7:30 to ask for the manager if 8:00 arrived without our food) - food arrives. Mostly mediocre. Fried bananas were actually very good, crab dip was pretty good, and mashed potatoes were fine, but fish tacos were badly overspiced, and the chicken had less flavor than I make myself when I'm in a rush. Collard greens tasted literally like grass, though edible with enough salt applied - seriously, no butter or garlic? How complicated is it to sautée collard greens?
8:30 - water glasses refilled, at our request. Dessert order taken.
8:50 - dessert arrives, with check, as we're waiting at the bar to register our displeasure. Once home, cheesecake mostly flavorless. What little flavor it does possess comparable to licking the inside of a Snickers wrapper.

The best feature of the dinner, I have to say, was the sense of community fostered by the horrifically, preposterously, legendarily awful service. It's what I imagine the intent of hazing in a fraternity house to be - give a disparate group of people a common trauma to bring them together. We made friends with the patrons around us over the superlatively deplorable experience. Now, I call it "legendarily awful" with intent - tales of the 3-hour Dinner of Tears will be told throughout the generations in my family. I will make sure of it.

I will also make sure that neither I, nor anyone I care for, ever has the misfortune to set foot in Samba, for any reason, ever.

[For clarification: we intended to eat at Samba, but ended up at the Cabana Room downstairs. In either case, my rage remains.]
We came here with a groupon. I've been to the upstairs a few times and was always satisfied with that. I hate to say that our first experience with the downstairs was not so good. Overall, I'd say the food was decent, but the service was horrible. It was not even busy and our server took a really long time to take our order and when we tried to call her over to request a change to the order she looked right at us and walked on by. We ended up asking someone else to put the order in for us. When the food came we then had to ask for silverware. Generally, we will overtip when using a groupon, but we were not inclined this time.
Contrary to other reviews on this site, our waitress (Marie) was way cool, smart and funny. It was her first night and she had it under control.
The food was all really high fat. Heavy cheese sauces that are not far from Velveeta on the food chain. The spices didn't have enough kick for me. Boring food that was not worth the clogged arteries.
We at here last summer and were rather concerned at how empty the place was.  We should have taken heed and gone elsewhere.  The wait staff largely ignored us and it took forever to get our food.  When it did arrive it was a very small portion and was dry and unappealing.  I had lamb sliders and there was certainly nothing slider about them except the size.  The meat was dry and tough on a hard roll.  We had ordered a side of the little tapioca rolls for an appetizer as we have had them before and loved them.  This time they finally came with the meal after we asked about them a couple of times and were doughy.  

I really think they are using the leftovers from the Samba Brazilian grill upstairs for the meat and serving the people upstairs first as far as the rolls go. 

We were also dissapointed in the patio.  It looked run down and shoddy.

We will not go back!!
Really delicious. My wife and I were here on a nice Groupon deal, but we'd have happily paid full price. The angus beef sliders were juicy and delicious. Be sure to put the slaw on the sliders. Only problem was that the slaw got the bottom of one of the buns soggy. I got the feijoada, which was rich and delicious,  though Americanized (no pork ears, feet, or tongue). My wife got the parmesan crusted pork rodizio skewers, which were almost as good, though a touch dry. As good as all that meat was (and it was good), I may have liked the sautéed collard greens the best. I don't know what they cooked them in, but they were amazing.

Lots of other reviewers have noted poor service. I have to admit, it wasn't stellar. I don't think the staff was bad; they were just overwhelmed with a pretty full restaurant at 5pm on a Wednesday. The owners need to hire more servers.
If you are a red-blooded carnivore like I am, then this is the place for you. I went with 4 other people who more or less agreed with me.

The atmosphere here was pretty good. If you have never been to a Brazilian Grill before, this is a good start. They walk around with skewers of meat and you say whether you want it or not based on a "traffic light system". Green means go, red means stop giving me more meat. After they see your table has a green, they stop by with a skewer of meat. They ask you if you would like some and then give it to you or they don't, depending on how you respond. 

The food is delicious. The have rack of lamb, duck, parmesan breaded pork chops, honey pork chops, flank steak, top sirloin, sausage and some others that I am probably forgetting. I was not impressed too much by the honey pork chops, but they were still good. The rest was mouth watering, especially the top sirloin.

The hostess was very kind. It seemed like a busy night and we were told initially that we would have to wait nearly 2 1/2 hours to get in. She said immediately after that she would try to get us in. Not 5 minutes later, we were sitting down.

The waitress was far below par. It took nearly 5 minutes for her to show up and then the drink delivery was even worse. Three of our drinks came within 10 minutes. Another 2 came about 5 minutes later and then the last one we had to ask for several times. We were halfway done with eating when it finally came. We also had to ask for water each time we needed it and when you are eating more meat than you have seen in your life, you need a lot of water to wash it down.

There was also a salad bar, which they must have put in just to ease people's minds that they were eating as much meat as they could handle. They had several cheeses that were declicious, but they were out of bread, so I had nothing to eat it with. I did not partake in the actual salad portion, so no review there.

It is also very pricey, 33$ for a meal, 17$ for just the salad bar. Drinks weren't too outrageous. They had tap beer for anywhere from 3$ to 6$. They had a very extensive wine list, but I also did not partake in that. 

This would have received a 5 star, had it no been for our horrible waitress.
If you up for something new and have a hearty appetite, this might be a good place to check out.

Offering both a vegetarian option and a meat option - The Brazillian Grill allowed our whole group an option. First, the building is from 1910 (or close to) but it is beautifully restored. Great atmosphere and a comfy feel. We sat on some nice couches in the downstairs bar - which had good prices and good service. 

The main dining room was impressive and had a great feel. We were a little bummed out to find the 'stage' empty as they sometimes offer live music. We went on a Saturday night pretty much expecting it, but was told that they have music more on weeknights to try to draw people on less busy nights. 

Dinners basically split into two 'acts' the salad bar -- which is set up as a buffet and offers a large variety of items. Most were not your run of the mill and everyone in our group enjoyed trying different things. The next was the meat - and the Goucho's would come around with skewers of different meats to try. Our group sampled everyone that was offered. Our favorite by far was the Flank Steak which had a wonderful flavor and was very tender. Bacon wrapped filets were probably second favorite. 

Over all a very good time - The only two things bad I can say is that because of its location parking can be a problem. They do have an attached lot, but it was full we went. There is a public lot a half block up -- but this was also hard to get into and the meters only allowed for 2 hour parking. The second thing was our waitress. Although the Goucho's were great, we did have a waitress to bring us drinks and explain what was going on. She was slow and massively screwed up our bill when we tried to run it on separate cards. Fortunately she was a minor screw up in a good night of fun.
There's something about gauchos that really takes it up a notch.  The converted Women's Building is now a theme restaurant to the max.  It's decadent and lavish and over-the-top in an awesome Vegas kind of way. The salads were terrific, the service was unbeatable in Madison, and the meat was everywhere.  Quite literally.  Meat rules so it was a success!
The food at Samba is excellent in every regard.  

You start your meal at their 40 item salad bar, which is delicious.  It has traditional salad toppings, a variety of pasta salads, interesting vegetables, spanish cheeses, and more.

The meat is the best part though.  They have nine different cuts on any given night, and the cooks come around and slice you off some of whichever meat they are passing around.  The top sirloin was a perfect medium rare and probably their best meat.  The duck was delicious, the flank steak had amazing seasonings on it, and the bacon wrapped tenderloin tasted great.  The rack of lamb had a little too much garlic, but other than that was pretty good and both the leg of lamb and the parmesan pork were delicious.  The sausage they offered was tasty, but did not set itself apart as spectacular.

They have a decent beer selection and the restraunt overall has a wonderfull ambience.  The food is what makes this place special though.
Wow, this is definitely a dining experience!  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is exotic and exciting.  The meat is simply fanstastic--the night I went, the flank steak was the best.  I'm not a big fan of the linguia, but there are so many good meats to choose from.  The salad bar is also remarkable, with a wide variety of rice and pasta dishes, cold cuts, cheeses, and veggies--but don't fill up!  

This is the perfect Valentine's Day/Birthday/Anniversary dinner.  Be sure to come on a night when a band is playing.
I agree with the previous reviewers in that this is a dining experience.  The interior is just fantastic, and usually there is a live band playing on weeknights.  The 40 item salad bar was scrumptious but honestly, the main attraction is the meat.  Vegetarians will be hard pressed to find a sustainable variety at the salad bar, so unless you're willing to go to "the dark side" for this meal, perhaps you should meet your friends out later.  As a mostly vegetarian, I ended up going to the dark side because I couldn't resist.  My favorite was the duck -- it was succulent and fantastic.  This place is definitely a wonderful experience and I'm sure the next time a special occasion arises we will consider going here.
I agree with most of the other reviewers on the food.  The meat is great and the 'salad bar' is WAY higher-end and more diverse than any salad bar I've even seen.  

The space itself is really cool.  Its run well.  The gauchos can get overwhelmed on busy nights but are usually attentive.

The meat is tasty and abundant but the best part is the wine list - cheap and wide-ranging.
Went here for dinner and was amazed!!! For a prix fix dinner, it's definitely worth the money. While it's an all-you-can-eat style meal, there a usually 6 or 7 different types of meats brought to you and a salad bar which serves copious amounts of vege's and cold salads. There is enough food to fulfill then needs of anyone, no matter how hungry they are, or aren't.

The mojitos are delicious, I'd highly recommend trying a few!!!

If you've never been to a Brazilian Grill I'd highly recommend it, as it is something that has to be experienced to fully appreciated.
I know this may be surprising to some, but I think Samba is the best Brazilian Steakhouse I have ever been to. To this date I have now been to some in Chicago, in Kansas, and in Madison and Madison wins hands down! 

I love that when they built this place they put a more casual restaurant downstairs and you have to go upstairs to enter the Brazilian Steakhouse. The outside is always decorated in lights and really creates the right mood before you even enter the building. I have been there 4 different times since it has opened and every time it is amazing. It is cheaper than the ones found in Chicago as well as in Kansas and personally has much better food. 

As soon as you walk in you are greeted by very friendly hostess who always offer to hang up your coats. Each time I have had a reservation I have always been promptly seated. The waiters are pretty quick to come up and offer drinks and explain how the concept of a Brazilian Steakhouse works. Their drink menu is rather large and each time I try a new one it is fantastic! I love going up to their salad bar area where they have an array of items including obviously salad items, vegetables, mashed potatoes (yum!), bread and so much more. Once you have eaten your "appetizers" you flip over your coaster to the green side so the men in gauchos know to come around and offer you different cuts of meat. So many of them are good, I always start by trying almost all of them and then once I have decided my favorites of the night I normally have seconds of those specific kinds. 

I also love that most of the nights I have gone (I think 3 out of the 4) they had live bands playing. It fit right into the atmosphere and creates such a nice night every time. The music is never to loud or obnoxious, it is rather enjoyable to get a table near the stage and listen to some great music as you enjoy a fantastic meal. 

You really can not go wrong at such a great place. The main things to remember about this great place: 
1. They have a large selection of original drinks and a large wine menu 
2. The meat is delicious 
3. Relatively inexpensive for a Brazilian Steakhouse 

Enjoy!
After some serious window shopping on State Street. My 4 girlfriends and I chose this place for dinner because of a street sign that advertised their Friday special -- all you can eat fish tacos. 

The tacos were small. The fish stick in the tortilla was small and on the greasy side.  The fried fish was covered with one spoon of chopped tomato salsa and you had a spicy sauce and white rice on the side. That is it, nothing fancy.  Each time the waitress brought out 2 tacos and after 4 each she just stopped asking if we wanted more. To tell you the truth I could easy put away 6 of those  things. 

This place did its job I was no longer hungry when I left. 
Next when I am in town I will pass on the fish tacos and maybe try something else on their menu.
I'm not a big meat-eater, so I wasn't really eagerly anticipating a night at a Brazilian steakhouse. But the salad bar at Samba was a great experience--Spanish cheeses, sweet potato salad, roasted almonds, and fantastic figs. If I were really a vegetarian, I could easily have been satisfied with the salads alone, but I also went for the cranberry duck and ended up satisfied and stuffed.
As long as you're ready to drop some change, you're going to LOVE Samba. 

We decided to do brunch here, because it's almost half price, and after checking out the website, I thought it was almost the full experience, anyhow(just not as many meat choices).

The minute we walked in, I was totally in love with the interior. A little dark, with rich colors and nice design...and PLENTY of seating. We were immediately seated, and our waitress came over soon after. Although the drinks looked tasty(I would imagine that a place like this would do kick butt mojitos, and the mimosa selection was fun), I decided to just get coffee. Our waitress explained how the experience worked, and left us a basket of Po De Queijo, which is almost like a cheesy popover, with bits of spicy peppers...YUM. 

We started off at the salad bar, which is much more than just salad. For brunch, they had Yukon gold potatoes, and a variety of grilled, steamed, and marinated veggies. There was also a variety of fresh fruit, and a parfait bar with yogurt and oats. If this isn't enough, you can also grab some delicious Spanish cheese and roasted nuts to top your plate off. I can see why they offer a salad bar only option at night, you could easily make a nice meal out of just that!

BUT, we were going full out...so bring on the meat! After we finished our first course, we flipped our "pillar of meat", and soon after the Gaucho brought us our first selection, which was a spicy sausage. We also tried the flank steak(delicious, although I wish my cut had come from further in the slab, because I like it a bit more rare), and the leg of lamb was AMAZING. There was also a country ham, which we didn't try. Another favorite of ours was the cinnamon-sugar crusted pineapple that they grilled. So good. 

My only complaint was that I had been looking forward to the jazz music they advertised, but the band came in to set up just as we were finishing our plates.

We were seriously stuffed...and I had to laugh when the waitress came to apologize that she had not told us that they offer fresh waffles(blueberry, plain and chocolate, I believe). I also overheard her telling another table that they make scrambled eggs, too. It didn't matter, because there was NO way we were going to be able to eat anything else.

All in all, Samba has a great atmosphere, delicious food, and attentive staff(even if the waitress DID forget to offer us a few items). I think that it was well worth the $20 a plate price. Is it somewhere I'll go every Sunday? No, but I'll definitely be back!

*I'd also like to try the Cabana Room downstairs, which is their "everyday" restaurant. It had a nice outdoor patio, and the menu looks good.
Maybe a week night was not the time to go to this place, so your experience might vary.  Place was nearly empty on a Tuesday evening, so we were seated right away.  Salad bar was very good with good selection of items and a couple warm appetizer items.  So far so good.  Service became slower as we went to the "meat phase" of the meal.  As the meat plate became cluttered with juices and fat, the waiter really didn't pay much attention and offer a new plate.  Meanwhile, the meat selection seemed to be much more limited than other Brazilian steakhouses that I have visited in the past.  I believe there might have been only about 5 substantial cuts of meat that circulated the dining room.  Again, maybe the volume of meat was reflective of the evening we were there.  However, they didn't discount the price for this.
I'll stay "Big City" for Brazilian steak in the future.
Having been to Samba a number of times since discovering it only a month or so ago, I can say it is one of my favorite places to eat in all of Madison if you are in a mood for unlimited food! Over time [as of 2014 now] the quality seems to have gone down in the food but the overall atmosphere and service is great.

The beginning salad bar is fantastic, you have to try the potatoes to start.  After the salad bar you are served all the meat you can eat, which in my opinion more than makes up for the price.  I honestly think that everyone should give Samba a try if they are in Madison at anytime just for the grilled pineapple and tapioca rolls!  If you have a large appetite there is no reason why you haven't had Samba yet.
Fun environment, good service, and a lot of food.  As far as the meat, it's pretty good and theres a wide selection, but I've had better quality and better cooked steak and lamb.
Same concept as Fogo de Chao in bigger cities, but much more affordable. Amazing cuts of meat and amesome salad bar. The live jazz in the background was an unexpected treat!
Unbelievably good food.  I heard about Samba years back and since then have had several recommendations from friends that it was a place I had to go to.  I wish I had listened to them sooner because this place could arguably be the best restaurant I've ever been to in my life (and I've been to far too many).

We called in to make reservations on Saturday night, but unfortunately found out that they were booked up until an hour later than we originally planned.  That gives you an indicator of its popularity on weekends, but it was well worth the wait.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the Cabana Room, which I'd also recommend although more for the casual bar night where you want to relax with a few friends in upscale atmosphere.

You'll then proceed up to the second level where they provide a free coat check service and seat you in their nice restaurant.  The environment will surely put you in the mood as you take in the aroma of grilled meats, the reddish-yellow candlelight, and the closed-off curtains on the windows.  Your server then gives you a wooden hourglass with a red indicator on one end and a green indicator on the other.  Basically, flip it green-side up and you're advertising that you're hungry, red-side up means you need a break (my group thought it'd be nice to have a triangle with a third side for I can't breathe because I'm so full).

By the time we got done with all the pleasantries, I was starving (I had only eaten one thing that day) so I was a little disappointed when a guy came by with a giant skewer of top sirloin and only gave each one of our party one small piece of meat.  I soon learned though that there was no way I'd go hungry as they kept bringing out round after round of different meats - 8 total, ranging from chicken, parmesan pork, asian steak, flank steak, ribeye, top sirloin, sausage, and lamb.  And they don't bring each one out just once, they KEEP bringing them for as long as the place is open.  I'm normally not a huge fan of all-you-can-eats, but this is the most delicious meat I have ever had and I can only imagine what the real-deal is like in Brazil.  All four of the people in my party were extremely satisfied and easily thought that we got our money's worth.  Even girls that were with me that normally wouldn't eat a lot were chowing down as you just couldn't say no to this food.

But wait, it gets better.  They have an incredible salad bar and hot food line as well.  Often, we'd turn our hourglass over to red to take a break, but then march over to the bar where they had more choices than I've ever seen at any other one before.   There were at least 2-3 types of potato salad, plenty of leafy greens, nuts, berries, exotic choices like maracan almonds, etc etc.  The hot food line had delicious mashed potatoes, cuban black beans, and a tasty broth.  Honestly, it's a shame that these sides and salads are at Samba because anywhere else they'd probably suffice for an excellent meal on their own.  Regardless, you will end up trying some if you can fit it in between the rush of meats.

Lastly, there's entertainment involved too.  The servers bring all the beef over on giant skewers that look just like what greek gyro places use for cooking up their daily loads and you have to use a grabber device to take your meat to your plate as they slice down with a knife.  Make sure to have a good grip though; I didn't see one of the guys cutting mine in time and got a little splash on my dress shirt.  Thankfully, this place is pro, so they came out with club soda and a portable stick of oxy clean to help get the stains out.  Your servers will also be dressed in comical costumes; usually a park ranger hat with khaki oufits and funny-looking pants.  Towards the end of the night, we witnessed some people roll/fall down the stairs from the third floor (they got up and were laughing so nobody was hurt) which definitely capped the night off.

Overall, I can't do this place justice with some words in a paragraph box.  Samba is SO GOOD, and if you can put aside your quibbles in regards to the cost, you will surely not be disappointed in the least.  Budget well, $45-60 a person (you'll probably want drinks, etc), and have a good time.
We came here after UW graduation to celebrate, again. 

Luckily, we made a reservation, because the place was obviously packed for graduation. The location here is neat because it looks like it used to be an old mansion of some sort. 

Once seated, the host quickly explained how the service works, took our drink order, and sent us on our way to the salad bar. Pretty much all the salads I tried were great, and much better than a similar salad bar would be at your local upscale grocery store. The mojito I ordered, was decent, but I've had better.

Once we flipped the 'i'm ready to eat meat switch', the gaucho's started descending on our tables with a ton of different cuts of beef, pork, and lamb. Most of it was pretty good, and there were only a few that I didn't personally prefer. 

Overall, I was satisfied with the food and experience that Samba gave us that evening. I'd highly recommend it if you have an occasion to celebrate, or if you simply just like a TON of meat!
I was a brazilian steakhouse n00b as well. I've been dying to try Fogo de Chao, the apparent ruler of the brazilian steakhouse chain restaurant monopoly. The opportunity has yet to arise, however.

While in Milwaukee for the weekend, we decided to stop for lunch in Madison. I googled "Madison Brunch" and voila - I find that a Brazilian Steakhouse exists just off State street that has a $15 brunch!!!

It was fate. My boyfriend and I were hungover from a long afternoon of brewery hopping in Milwaukee the day before. A salad bar, in addition to four selections from the grill, sounded perfect.

Overall, we loved Samba. Super friendly and attentive staff that was neither condescending nor pushy; the manager checked in on us and we never had a problem getting what we needed from the wait staff or the meat dudes.

The restaurants itself is beautiful; a sister restaurant/bar something or other resides in the lower level of the equally-pretty-on-the-exterior building. They have a small lot but there is street parking and a city meter lot across the street.

Would definitely love to try Samba for dinner... the only meat I tried due to personal preference was the flank steak, which was delicious. Don't eat pork or ham, but the boyfriend loved those selections. The grilled pineapple was FABULOUS.

The salad bar was great and had some really delicious options. A good variety, although I will say that it was a smaller spread that what I've seen in photos and heard about other brazilian steakhouses. Nonetheless, it was more than enough selection for me: grilled veggies, baked goods, yogurt, salads, three hot items, bread, cheese, etc. 

You can also order waffles, which we did - they were delish! 

Totally worth $15 for brunch... + two drinks for a total of $45. Wonderful experience at Samba!
Really people? My rating's as low as it can go to offset all the people raving about this place.

The salad bar is... pretty good. As for the meat? There was only one cut of meat that I loved. All the rest were mediocre at best (and some were just tough. and chewy. and my jaw hurts thinking about it. oww). I mean, I feel like I could've done better... and last time I checked, I wasn't a cook by any stretch of imagination.

I'm a fatty so I'm allllllll for all-you-can-eat meat but you won't see me ever going back to Samba. Not even if someone else is paying. I'd much rather get a steak at Tornado Room or Magnus. Hell, I'd rather have a Big Mac from McDonald's. At least with Mickey D's, I know I'm getting what I paid for. I used to be a vegetarian for years but after a semester in Madrid, haven't looked back. However, if Samba had been my reintroduction to meat, I would've stayed a vegetarian. Ok. That's all. Bye.
I went here during Restaurant week, Jan '10.  I had a seat for two in the bar area because I didn't have reservations.  A more relaxed dinning experience would have been preferable, but I was glad to be seated nonetheless.

The meal started off with a waiter explaining the rules or set-up of the place.  It starts with a clean plate to be filled up at the salad bar.  They had a decent selection of fresh greens and prepared condiments and goodies.  I especially liked the dry figs and goat cheese at the end. 

Next came the meat.  The meat was mediocre.  I couldn't really taste any of the meat.  While the spices were good, and the chimichurri sauce was tasty, the meat was lacking actual animal flavor.  The top sirloin was dry here, moist there.  The pork tenderloin was especially disappointing because it made me question whether it was tenderloin or just loin.  IT WAS LOIN.  I do not like being lied to.

Add a bottle of wine at $22, the total for two came up to $80.  It's not worth it.  The meat didn't come around as quickly or often as I would have liked.  The salad bar, while good, is not sufficient enough for me to fork over $25.  I can't imagine having paid full price.  Oh, and there was no duck. LAME.
Frankly, it was delicious. A carnivore's dream.
$15 for the Sunday Brunch Buffet? Hercules Hercules!!! You  will probably not get a better value for Sunday morning breakfast than here.

First and foremost the decor is uber classy - something you'd expect from the standards set by Brazzazz, Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil. They even had a $10.25/hr Madison student playing live keyboards to set the mood.

The buffet has two courses - the salad bar and the gauchos coming around with the meat. The salad bar didn't have many standouts. It was more or less rabbit food (nuts, cheeses, vegetables, etc) with the exceptions of scrambled eggs, home potatoes and thick cut bacon. That made up for a good $7.50 of the bill which you would normally pay at a breakfast diner. 

The second course included ham, flank steak, sausage and a cinammon glazed pineapple. IMO the sausage was the best. The ham was a little dry and the steak was lackluster. The pineapple was decent but no way as delectable as Brazzazz's. Either way, I've had better at other Brazilian all you can eats. However the question is - can you get all of this stuff for $15? No way in Chicago, I'll tell you that.

Round it out with these donut hole sized focaccia breads (with an interesting gooey texture inside), waffles made to order and your choice of $3 Mimosas or Bloody Mary's and you have a steal.

Definitely recommended.

Tidbits: It seems the custom of serving a Bloody Mary with a beerback is a Wisconsin only thing. 

The place is also right off of State Street which makes a lovely stroll after gorging very appealing.
Sunday brunch here is quite the steal!  Last Sunday's early gorging was the perfect ending to a weekend in Madison.  The facade of this place looks like it was taken off the beachfront.  You walk in and the ambiance takes you away.  They have a very intimate setting and quite the spread to boot!  The place has a definite shwanky feel to it.

They serve a pretty awesome salad bar with more of those uppercrust items such as sun dried tomatoes and fancy soaked artichoke hearts.  They have the usual scrambled eggs to accompany some smashing potatoes and perfectly toasted bacon - seriously, this bacon was awesome... not fatty, quite crisp and mmm-mmm good. 

We were seated promptly and made our way over to the salad bar after our waitress explained to us how the system worked - we were obvious newb's.  Everything at the salad bar was fresh.  The gentleman serving us were dressed up like some sort of urban cowboys and delivered flank steak, sausage, sweet grilled pineapple, and ham.  The food was not necessarily outstanding, but it was pretty good and endless servings of pretty good food almost guarantees that I'll be a fan.

They also offer belgian waffles.  I decided to not stuff myself to the point of uncomfortable-ness... this time.... so I did not get to sample these however, they looked delish!  I did get to indulge with a spicy $3 bloody mary though.  I think I could have drank those all day; they so hit the spot.  At the end of the day,  I highly recommend the Samba brunch buffet to anyone stopping through Madison.
All you can eat salad bar and meat by the sword, essentially.

How to eat at Samba:

1. Bring a loaded wallet and an empty stomach
2. Go to the upstairs area of Samba/Cabana Room
3. Get a drink at the bar.  The bartenders are pretty fun
4. When you're seated, you are expected to get the full on buffet (meat and salad bar).  If you want just the salad bar, let them know or you will be charged.  They also have some plated seafood items if steak isn't your thing.
5.  Flip your hourglass shaped centerpiece on the table to green to let them know you are ready for food
6.  Try the flank steak!
7. Save room for the grilled pineapple
8. Flip your centerpiece to red when you are full
9. If you can afford it, the desserts are phenomenal

Vegetarian Review: The salad bar has phenomenal options, but not at $15 value in my opinion. I mean, it is just an salad bar.  It's full of Brazilian nuts, potatoes, veggies, cheeses, salad, etc.

Meat eater: If you leave at all hungry, you've done this wrong.  Some steak cuts are better than others, so be sure to take small portions and try as much as you can.  After you've tried most of them, ask for seconds of your favorite and they'll be happy to bring out the cut you like best

Atmosphere: It's a very neat, laid back environment.  The waitresses push the boundaries between sarcastically funny and bitter, but they are very attentive.

Samba is a great place for a special occasion meal, but I definitely couldn't afford to go as often as I'd like.
We've been here several times now, and have not been disappointed yet!  It's always fun, and the food is always good!
Great atmosphere.  But restaurant doesn't put their best foot forward.  You can't find the name Samba on the outside of the restaurant.  We found a small portable sign on the sidewalk that pointed across the street.  The sign is wrong.  You enter the Cabana Room and then go upstairs.  Ugh

Once seated and the process is explained we found we had to fight our way through the salad, vegetable and potato bar.  It is a crowded location and with way too many people using it.  It is in the round with no clear start, so you just jump in front of others.  Double ugh

The meat is served at the table and the selection and taste is great.  The wait staff is very friendly, attentive and helpful.  The rest of the meal went well.  We weren't brave enough to venture back to the vegetable bar but enjoyed the variety of meats served.

The restaurant is noisy.  A loud voice is needed to communicate to anyone sitting at the table, much less to the wait staff.
There is nothing bad about Samba Brazilian Grill except for the price, which I honestly can't complain about considering its the best all-you-can-eat meat buffet I've ever had in my life.

The wine is delicious and the food is even better. Never have I been so tortured and delighted by the meat sweats.
It's a Brazilian Grill in Madison. That's all you need to know really. The salad bar is very good, but don't fill up on cheese and almonds, as tempting as it is. The meat is all very delicious (chicken, pork, sausage, two kinds of steak, lamb), but the lamb isn't my cup of tea, but other people at our table liked it. I also really like the grilled pineapple.

It's spendy, but worth it.
I hated this place.  I would have given it 1 star but I did like about half of the salad bar.  Now let me begin by saying I am not a huge fan of meat in general but opted to go with friends.  Not being a big fan of meat, when I do eat it I like it cooked not dripping with blood.   I had to ask everytime for cooked meat when they were walking around and even then it was never actually cooked.  I wasn't a fan and I feel it was really overpriced for the quality of service and food.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that Samba is open on Sundays for brunch. While it is a leaner menu for your inner carnivore (3 meat selections plus roasted pineapple), they continue to have their cold foods bar which also includes pastries for brunch. The $15 price point is very reasonable given the food and service. If going later in the morning, remember to make a reservation or you will be waiting for your table.

One last tip: the flank steak is their premier selection, be sure to try it.
I've been here several times and it's always been a good experience.  I love the building Samba is in.  The interior is very nice and pretty luxe for Madison.  

I enjoy the food, though I'm usually not a big fan of all you can eat.  I know that's typically how Brazilian steakhouses work though.  You can also make a filling meal out of the salad bar, which contains nuts, cheeses, beans, mashed potatoes and the more typical vegetables.  I've never had a problem with the quality of the meat, though I'm not a big meat eater in general.  I like the grilled pineapple or the figs from the salad bar as a light dessert option.  They also have quite a few options for drinks.  

Service has always been reliable.  I think the price is fair considering the quantity.  They sometimes have specials, like on Sundays.
The best Brazilian grill (even steak house) in Madison, I cannot say I haven't been to better but this one is well executed. Nothing bad to say except parking down town. Don't plan on any activities after dinner, all you will want to do is go home and lay on the couch like a over stuffed turkey. This is a very nice atmosphere (great date night) and they handle large groups well. The cost last I went was $35 a person all you can eat. For steak, lamb, chicken, pork, sausages and grilled pineapple for desert, oh don't forget about the sides, great sides. What would you get at Ruth Chis for $35?
Very good food!   Pricy but worth every dollar!!  This place is a must with their unique salad bar, and meat choices, and oh yeah the desserts!!! (if you can save room before you are full)

The only suggestion is for the employees to watch out on texting their friends and grabbing pieces of meat and walking in the back in the preparation area. (it is very visible from the second floor balcony seating area!)

Otherwise I am am likelong customer there!
I always eat myself sick when I go here. The salad bar is delicious and is all-you-can-eat deliciousness (they even have hot dishes included in the salad bar). I always tell myself that I will just get the salad bar because it is a lot less expensive. Then the meat comes by and I cannot resist.  I even try their roasted pineapple with cinnamon even though I am allergic to pineapple. YUM
So they do the Brazilian steakhouse thing, I'm sure if you are reading this you know what that entails.

Their salad/buffet is pretty good with the bean stew and octopus salad standing out.

The Meat service varies, usually there is one or two that are tasty and well seasoned (asian tenderloin and the flank steak have both been great) but then the others are hit and miss, usually being bland.

But my real gripe is mostly that they seem somewhat stingy with the meat.  I have been to other Brazilian stekhouses and ate and drank for hours, running up a considerable bill of course but having a great time.  At Samba I get a real feeling that they want you to leave after trying everything once.  I can get a great steak at a few places in Madison (Tornado room comes to mind) for a similar price and while the variety is nice I go to one of these places for a long slow feast, not a quick sampler.  I'm sure it makes them more if you don't eat as much and get out to make room faster but that does not seem like my problem, especially at the price.
This would be a 5 for me except the last time I was here for my company Christmas party we got very poor service. We could not get the servers to come by with more food and when we asked about it we got a very pissy manager. They closed out bar down early and we drink a lot. Really stupid move. I am willing to do it again but they did a poor job of talking care of 40 people.
I attended an event here and was not really happy with the experience. 

When I heard we were going to a Brazilian place all I could envision was Fogo de Chao.  This place was not that. 

When we arrived all of the tables were taken and there were like 100 people waiting in line for food.  Not a good sign for hungry people. We decided to hunt for a place to sit.  We ended up on the top floor with a group of friends.  The company was great but we all did not want to wait in that long line.  So we camped out drinking wine and beer (no line at The bar)!!!

Samba had a table up here with cheese, olives and nuts.  I hate to say that this might have been the best thing here. 

After an hour we finally got in the food line and it still took 20 minutes.  We then realized that the people in front of us were on there second round of food.  So annoying because there were so many people who had not eaten yet.  The restaurant should have had a system in place to handle 350 people but it didn't. Maybe this was there first event here. They need some organization, if they ever do something like this again. 

Once we got to the front to start getting our food the plates ran out. Nobody was there to help us or get more plates.  In fact, I got out of line went up towards the salad bar and grabbed a giant stack for everyone.  I had to stock the plates. Really?

So with plate in hand there were three choices of meat...two red meat and one pork. The pork was dry but had potential. One red meat was full of fat and I couldn't even cut it with the knife provided. I would have told you what the meats were but when I asked they guy cutting it he didn't even seem to know.  That's not good!!

Salad bar items were okay. A few dishes were completely empty. Again no one from the staff was there keeping an eye on this. Empanadas were dry and lacking meat...it was more dough then anything.  Also the yummy Brazilian little cheese buns you find at other Brazilian restaurants were here.  The only difference these were just completely terrible. I had no idea they could taste that bad...usually I can't stop eating these but I didn't have that problem here. The best thing on the salad bar were the rice balls.  Wow these were really good...a nice Sicilian dish made perfectly at a Brazilian place. Very confusing to me but glad something besides the cheese and olives that was good. 

Bartenders were nice but I had to wait
Twice for a Spotted Cow (draft beer) while issues with the keg were sorted out. That was not fun. 

Now I have no idea how this place is when you actually order off the menu but as a banquet location it was completely terrible.  I blame the management for not being more organized and actually treating the large party with the respect of an individual table. They were probably at the bank cashing the check (allegedly)!!!

I would not want to attend an event here ever and probably would not want to come back as an individual.  I was completely let down with Samba!!!
Not impressive.  Adequate service, but for the price the menu items lacked attention to detail. No guarana.  Feijoada is not very authentic.   Pao de queijo a bit heavy.  Meats were a little bland in flavor. Salad bar had good variety, though.  A little limited selection in the meats compared to other similar Brazilian steakhouses.
Absolutely AMAZING!  I loved everything about this place.  Their spiced pineapple and flank steak is amazing!  Over all it was a great experience. Kind of pricey though.  Spent $100 on 2 people and a bottle of wine. Was worth it though.  YUMMO!
I really want to like this place more, but the food is just not worth how expensive it is.  If you are a large person and can really pack in the meat, I can see the value, but if you are on the smaller side, it's hard to justify the cost. Ribeye and top sirloin are the best.  Also, I don't find the service all that great.  After salad I had dressing all over my plate and even though the servers were not busy, and I had put my plate to the side, no one wanted to take it and bring me a new one.  There's not a lot for the servers to do, so that seemed like a basic request.  Great wine list, however.
I was so unbelievably disappointed in this place. A group of girls and I were going out for a girls night a few weeks before my wedding. My aunt called weeks in advance for reservations & a special table. When we arrived we were seated in a private room with a childs baptism party. Really, seriously poor match. It took forever for our food, they skipped us on multiple occasions and then tried to skimp on portions. We had to ask for more. we kept being hushed & we weren't even being loud!!! The service was terrible and the place is over priced!!! It's a nice change of pace but way over rated. Good thing my guests were super cool bc samba blew it!
Meat toting gauchos! Seriously, If you have not experienced Gauchos bringing you meat on a spit, you have not yet lived as a carnivore! Service has always been great when we've been there, and the food is delish!
Not a great experience and an expensive disappointment !!!!

The meat was mediocre at best and mostly cold by the time it got to our table on the rare occasion it did get to our table.
the servers with the meat only give you a couple of bites worth then do not come back for another 10-15 minutes later.
Some of the meat items came only once and never again. The flank steak (very tough) was the one coming back the most (3 times).
We had to ask and wait for some of the items on the salad bar.
there was no background music at all; the experience was very lousy.

In summary, if you have very low expectations you may like this place, although for the money $35/person I consider this to be an expensive disappointment !!!
I will not go back and I will make sure to till my friends to go somewhere else...
This was a terrible experience. We arrived 45 minutes early for a 7:15 reservation. It was packed. My wife waited in line for 10-15 minutes just to check in. She got to the front and was told our name wasn't 'in the system'. My wife brought out her cell phone and offered to show her the reservation. The woman refused to even look at it. The woman was rude and dismissive. She said we could come back at 9:30. Like I'm going to wait nearly three hours to eat dinner (I also had my 12 year old son with us). 

Absolute, complete joke! No apology, no attempt to try and rectify the situation. 

Never again for this place.
I found this place almost 5 years ago and the food is great, this is my third time back! Walking meat is the best idea, from the sausage to the grilled pineapple this place is pretty awesome. The salad bar is great, the service is could use a little help, i have no problem paying the price however i would look for deals such as groupon. This is not a place i recommend to eat frequently, the food here can be a little to much, talk about a meat hangover. (note this is not a bad thing.) I make sure I don't eat on the road up to save space in my stomach. I like it here! One favorite things was the Brazillion Cheese Bread....I think I ate 5 or 6 of them! There is also a stage with live acts, tonight was Latin guitar, it was a awesome. i give it a 7 for quality and 8 for an over all experience, i would come back. maybe in about a year...
We went for a 5:30pm reservation and walked into a mostly empty restaurant. Our waiter was very friendly and checked in on us throughout the night. We also never ran out of water (which is a major thing for me).

There is a salad and side dish bar, on the main floor. The food there was very tasty and well prepared. The meat is grilled over a fire, off to the side, on large skewers. As each cut of meat is done grilling, the servers will carry the skewer around from table to table, offering you cuts of the meat.

We occasionally had to wait for various cuts to make their way to us and some cuts definitely came by more often than others. On the plus side, most of the cuts were very tasty and the servers would pass along our requests for which cut we wanted to get next (or soon).

I appreciated the fact that each of the individual cuts is small, enough for just 3 or 4 bites. Like The Melting Pot (another favorite restaurant of mine), this forces you to eat slowly and really appreciate both the food and the company you're with. It slows down the meal, which is very nice. It also gives me the freedom to eat until I'm full without feeling like I have a certain set amount that I need to finish.

All in all, highly recommended.
Wow, this place started strong. t was never the best Brazilian grill I had been to, but it  is beautiful, fair priced, and in Madison, I always gave it 4 stars. Sadly the place has gotten worse every visit. I often would take clients for dinners but know I must say I'm embarrassed even taking family. The same story every time. Service is slow, food is slower. If you can get any food, it is good. But finding someone to bring it to you is another story. Forget rolls at your table, they must be made of gold. I made a mistake and went tonight for thanksgiving. I understand it is a holiday but come on.... The buffet was out of mashed potatoes, dressing and gravy. Gravy for Gods sake! I made many trips and finally gave up. As I waited at my table with the "pillar of meat" there was less and less meat to the point they complete forgot about us. My party sat at the table for over 30 minutes with out a single gaucho. Our waiter came by many times to take drink orders, he said he would look into where the gauchos were? I felt sorry for him, each time he came by he knew what our question would be. $200 later we went home unsatisfied, full only on cheese and salad. Thank God for the drinks. I can forgive the bad service for thanksgiving, but how do you explain the bad service the times before thanksgiving? I hear the owner got into a little financial trouble. Maybe he is trying to cut corners to pay his way out. Either way the I won't be back for a while. So many great restaurants in Madison why waste your money here.
I have only been to Samba Grill for the Sunday brunch (not for dinner), and that brunch was amazing!  The salad bar was full of fresh delicious foods, including pastries, eggs, bacon, etc, but also all the wonderful salad stuff like hearts of palm, many selections of olives, and just so many things to try.  All the items were fresh looking and beautifully presented.

The meats on offer were excellent!  At our visit for brunch there were three meats plus grilled pineapple.  The pineapple was amazing.  The meats included delicious ham (extra amazing when eaten with the pineapple), a nice spicy sausage, and glory of glories - luscious flank steak - served medium rare and so juicy it just melted in your mouth.  The gaucho-clad waiters were pretty quick to make the rounds and we never felt neglected or stinted on the meat service.  

For the price and quality and quantity of the food, it was a good value for the money.  And the experience was great.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back again, but I'd make sure I was really hungry before hand!
The food was good, but WAY overpriced.  I really like the concept of no menu with a buffet for sides and waiters that come around offering you meat.  I felt bad for the guy who had chicken since I imagine many people decline chicken in favor of the lamb and various steak options.  However, it was $37/ person which is definitely overpriced for the quality of the food considering you can get a much higher quality entree for a similar price at L'Etoile or Harvest.  I would only recommend going here if you are extremely hungry and you really want to be able to eat right away without having to wait to place an order.  I don't plan on returning despite the beautiful atmosphere and friendly wait staff.
We came here for breakfast this morning and it was good for the most part! 

The good:
-The meats were tasty (except the sausage which was too salty for me)
-The chocolate croissants were soooo good
-A fair amount of fresh fruit offered
-Yummy Cheses

The not-so-good:
-We waited in the lobby 5 minutes before being acknowledged/seated
-The hot foods from the buffet were wayy too salty- I wasn't able to take more than a couple bites of each (potatoes,  scrambled eggs, bacon)
-It took 20 minutes to get the check after our plates had been cleard

The main thing we came here for was the meat, though, and that was delicious; Flank steak and ham-yum! The brunch cost $15.95/person
Not sure what all the rave is about this place, because we were disappointed.  The salad bar is more of a "food bar" with little salad toppings.  The price for the meat added on top of the salad bar was a lot more than it was worth.  We waited 10 - 15 minutes in between meats served table side.  We were under the impression it was kind of constant.  Our service was also very bad, with only getting our waiter over to us once during the 2 hours we were there.  We were often out of water, and we definitely would have ordered more drinks if we were asked.  That said, the food was good.  I wish we had a better experience.
I don't know whether it's the regular Groupon offers or what, but the quality of the meals at Samba has definitely declined.  Like what a few other posters have recently posted, the flavor of the steaks during a couple of recent visits were completely dominated by soy sauce and were WAY too salty.  In my view, steak should be lightly seasoned in order for one to savor the natural tastes of the meat and fat.  Service, with respect to keeping our water glasses full and delivering cocktails (the money maker), was excellent, but they seriously were lacking in people coming around with the meat.  They do tend to push the sausage and parmesan crusted pork, which actually was one of the better tasting offerings. 

Samba has definitely dropped several notches below Sabor in Milwaukee and down in the dumps compared to Fogo de Chao; however, given that two meals at Samba with the Groupon cost just a tad more than one meal at Fogo, that is to be expected.  Both Sabor and Fogo offer a much superior cold food bar section.  The meal wasn't horrible, but it just wasn't up to par compared to past experiences.  Thus, I left unsatisfied.    I definitely wouldn't pay full price to dine at Samba, but wouldn't hesitate to return using the Groupon offer.  

Food - 2 stars
Service - 3 stars (Server was at least good.....not enough dudes bringing the skewers of meat around)
Value - 4 stars w/ Groupon
Great food!!
Service was great and always asking sure we get alot of meat!!
Must try!!
I am from Brazil and I was surprised to find a churrascaria in Madison, WI, so I decided to give it a try. First experience I had when walk in was positive. Authentic Brazilian style environment. The environment was pleasant and it gave me a high expectation that the food would also be what I am use to. Well, it did not go as expected. The salad bar was OK. It lacked few authentic dishes such as the potato salads called (maionese) and another called salpicão. The feijoada was not pleasing. They also forgot the side dishes that goes with the feijoada. They are the farofa, oranges and sautéed collard green. On a positive note, they had a good variety of other types of salads. 
Now for the main reason why I was there. The meat!  They served the type of meat that I expected and with the right cut and the correct way it is placed on the skewer. What disappointed me a little was the way it was made. The picanha seemed to be marinated in wine. Not the way it is done. All you need is rock salt. That is it. The other meats had also a sweet taste to it. 
The only meat I liked was the lamb. It was very good. 
Overall, it was a different experience and I somewhat liked the food. It was not a true churrasco, but it was somewhat worth it.
I love Churascarias.  Having visited Rio and Sao Paulo, I think I know what a good one is.  The waiters and gauchos were very attentive.  The price point is a good value compared to nationwide chains like Fogo de chao and Texas du Brazil.  I will be back here again on my future visits to Madison.
Since this place is known to be a churrascaria I will start my review off with the meats. I am not a fan of "sweet meats" aka a meat with any kind of sweet glaze on it. When I went for Sunday brunch the offerings were sausage, flank, and ham. The grilled pineapple--sweet enough already--also had a sweet cinnamon glaze on it. 

The only redeeming quality were the fresh salad bar and fruits. They also had Wisconsin cheese offerings, nuts, and pastries. Sadly the pastries seemed to have come out of a box from Costco. There was also a buffet of scrambled eggs, bacon, and potatoes. I was really unimpressed by this place but I enjoyed getting my fill of cheap pastries, salad, and potatoes.

Decor was nice. I tried booking a reservation through Open Table but the restaurant wasn't available through the website. Odd.

Was it worth the $15? Meh. Will I be back? Probably--to try the lunch/dinner but probably not for brunch. After all I wasn't able to sample their entire selection of meats.
Meat fest, meat galore, Sambalicious!!

Samba is a pretty good Brazilian bbq, all-you-can-eat restaurant. There is a decent selection of meats and cuts, as well as a sizable salad bar. Unfortunately, the number of sides is limited to one -- the cheesy bread, which I don't have a problem with.

The funny thing is, I believe the most clutch item at Samba isn't even a meat; rather, it's the grilled cinnamon pineapple. It is absolutely delicious (and I think it helps with digestion). Take it from an avid meat-lover.

Overall, although there may be better Brazilian bbq places elsewhere, I appreciated the fact that Madison had one of its own. I also celebrated my recovery from wisdom teeth removal here.
Food was terrible, but the candles were real, not those electronic ones. That was cool. 

Music was in Spanish, not Portuguese.
I'll get the easy part out of the way. The food is excellent. The bounty available on the buffet astounded me both in variety and how good it was. The same goes for the rôtisserie meats offered, plus the carvers had great timing regarding the gap between coming to the table and the sequence of who brought what.

Now on to why I deducted two stars. I deduct one for layout of the establishment. You walk into what looks like the foyer of a former house, but there is no host stand in sight. (It turns out it is upstairs in front of the main dining room.) There is what looks like the bar/waiting room in a room straight ahead of that. It is a lounge that bears the Samba name but apparently functions separately from the restaurant. Indeed, other couples wandered in and asked the bartender about table availability, etc., only to be told to go upstairs. Another star is lost to further disorgainzation amongst the waitstaff when we got upstairs. There looked to be plenty of tables open, yet we were told to wait at the bar for about half an hour. The main problem appeared to be a lack of communication between the parts of the service staff, and that only continued when we finally sat. The carvers were timely, but the waitress responsible for our drinks, clearing plates, etc., was not very attentive. The right hand did not seem to know what the left hand was doing.

In sum, great food but confused service.
I've been here on multiple occasions while I was in Madison, and I love this place! There is a very good selection of meats, and the salad bar is also really great. The cheese bread is delicious! My favorite cut is the top sirloin, it's tender, juicy, and so flavorful! 

And as others have mentioned, the grilled pineapple is definitely a must-have, make sure you ask the server to cut you a slice coated with brown sugar, it's sweet and tangy with a smokey flavor. My friends and I love it so much we tried to make it at home once, and it definitely didn't turn out as good. 

I've also been here for Restaurant Week, and the meat selection is also really decent for the reduced price. The servers are really friendly, and we were seated promptly with reservation. We always have a really good time here, and the restaurant atmosphere is suitable for both semi-formal or casual events. 

Love it!
Meat.  Meat.  Meat.

If you do not LOVE meat, then this is just a waste.  Seriously.  You have to LOVE meat.  I have been to Brazilian grills before but this was my first time at Samba.  I was upset that before I got there I paid for parking.  I was given no indication that Samba had its own parking lot.  While walking by, I saw a small sign, no bigger than a Stop sign.  

I was really excited for my dinner!  It was restaurant week in Madison and I wanted to try some place new.  My party of four made a reservation and were seated a few minutes early.  We waited nearly ten minutes for our server Antonio.  I was  not thrilled with his service.  He was ok, kind of attentive, but we had to wait for refills of drinks and clean plates.  Antonio was always a few minutes behind.  

Now the food...wow.  My favorite was the top sirloin.  Cooked nicely.  If you can not handle any pink in your steak, skip this and move on to the flank steak.  The pork was amazing.  They look like small pieces on the skewer but they are large pieces. 

You start your meal out by heading to the salad bar and hot item bar.  The mashed potatoes are great as are the vegetable assortment.  A key thing to remember is to eat this with your meal, not prior.  The salad bar was great but you are there for meat.  You can get a good salad anywhere.  There are some interesting items like heart of palm to try, but really eat the meat.  

There are nice little breads with cheese that compliment your meal.  Once again, remember you are there for the meat.  Meat. Meat. Meat.  The gauchos are fantastic.  Whatever you want, two pieces?  A small piece?  They provide this for you.

So I completely bad mouthed the pineapple.  Who would want pineapple at a Brazilian grill?  Me.  That is who.  My husband tried it first and it was amazing.  So the whole table was sold on this.  Yum.  That is all.  Yum, yum, yum.  

This is not a date place, but great for a large group
We visited Samba during restaurant week.

I had been here once before, and thought it was pretty good (though quite pricey).

Our experience last night was very mediocre.  

HOSTESS AND SEATING:  We were greeted immediately and shown to our table -great!

SERVER: Our server arrived promptly, poured water and explained how it all works - great!

It went downill from there.

SALAD BAR:  There were many tasty items on the salad bar. I agree with others though, that the ingredients for an actual salad are limited, and there were two pretty unappealing dressing choices.  The hot food around the outside tasted good, but it was all served at about room temperature...not good - overall, the salad bar disappointed.

MEAT SERVICE:  We had several concerns about the meat service.  Most of the meat was served extremely rare, to the point of being almost raw, and not even warm.  Rubbery, cold, red lamb wasn't appealing to us.  Service was extremely uneven and very slow.  Sometimes we didn't see a gaucho for 10-15 minutes.  The gauchos seemed very inexperienced, were not particulary engaging (except the pineapple guy, he rocked!).  Of the 6 meat choices, only one really seemed great (the sirloin).

THE BILL:  We were in the restaurant for two hours (yes, waiting for more meat much of the time!).  Our server never came by with a bill.  It wasn't until we both used the restroom and put on our coats that she asked if we wanted the bill. 

BOTTOM LINE:  I'm glad we only paid $25/person.  I might consider going back again for this price in a few years, but definitely not for the regular price.

UPPING THEIR GAME:  Samba could really make this special if they paid attention to some details:  ensure the food is cooked properly and served hot, and put enough gouchos on staff to keep the meat coming to customers on a consistent basis.  Also, please encourage your gauchos to engage with the customers a bit, and ensure they are comfortable and experienced in their role...some of our guys really seemed scared wielding a large knife).

It wouldn't really take much to make the experience at Samba much better.
Restaurant Week in Madison a great success again! 
I obviously went to Samba for their $25 special which included full gaucho service with the salad & appetizer bar. It was excellent.

Our service started a little rough, and after sitting at our table waiting for someone to come around to us, I had to ask a server walking by to send a waiter our way. 
After we got the ball rolling with that...it was straight up go time! Food, meat, and more meat!
I loved all the meat, but my favorite was the pineapple. It was glazed in Cinnamon and warmed. Fantastic. 
Kind of a funny story about the pineapple....everyone at my table was like, pineapple--- I'll pass! But I took full advantage of it and tried a piece. After I let it slip how great it was, everyone at the table asked for some. A perfect desert (without buying desert)! 

Not sure if I could afford to try this place on a random day of the week. This is a special kind of occasion type of restaurant. 
I would only take a date here if you know that you both have large appetites and your OK with that.
Overall, a solid 4. It was a fun night with Samba.
Definitely one of the better BBBQ I've been too!  Still can't beat the ones in LA though.  The top sirloin and new york steaks are my favorites and the flank steak, chicken, pork, and others are ok.  I never tried the cinnamon pineapple before but I am a fan of it now.

Went on a sunday night and the place was pretty empty.  Service was fine and attentive.  Food at the buffet portion was pretty fresh.  Don't forget the Wisconsin Cheese!!!
WARNING: This review is intended for meat lovers only. Content not appropriate for vegetarians.

Anyways, like most South American styled steakhouses, Samba's is a 2 course all-you-can-eat paradise for meat lovers. 

The first course consisted of a salad and soup bar, which can be ordered as a standalone meal. I actually think it's not a bad deal in and of itself, but with a few more dollars (like $15+ more), you can get some nice quality meat. 

My favorites from the salad bar: 
Sweet, soft figs
Perfectly spiced roasted almonds and brazil nuts
Creamy, aromatic goat cheese
Chunky, flavorful feijoada (beef stew)
Soup of the day, which in my case, was cream of chicken and broccoli

Now on to the main course, which consisted of 8 different kinds of meat, and their cinnamon sugar coated pineapple. The meats include 4 different types of steak, mango chicken, marinated lamb, pork tenderloin and spiced pork sausage.

Let's start with the lightweights:

The spiced pork sausages were overly salty, which really overwhelmed any of its other spices.

The mango chicken wasn't very mango-y, and it was a bit dry. 

The pork tenderloin really wasn't bad, but was completely overshadowed by the steak tenderloin.

Now on to the heavyweights:

First, I just want to mention all the beef were cooked medium, and because of the grilling method, all sides were cooked evenly. 

Marinated beef tenderloin: large chunks of thick and juicy meat.

Top sirloin: very much like the tenderloin, but not as flavorful, because of the hardness of the meat. 

New York strip: thinly cut slices of tender beef with perfectly charred sides. Because this was the most fatty, it was the most flavorful of the beef choices. The skin was also charred enough to give it a bacon-like taste (which to me, was awesome, cause bacon = awesome)

Flank steak: like the top sirloin, it loses out to its more tender cousin, the New York strip, due to taste. 

And finally, my favorite:

Marinated leg of lamb and cinnamon sugar crusted pineapple. The lamb's onion and baharat spice was absolutely delicious. I feel that good lamb should always be rubbed in baharat.

The cinnamon sugar pineapple was slightly heated, with the cinnamon firmly soaked inside. I think I really enjoyed this just because it offered something different from the copious amount of meat. 

My only issue with this place was that I wish they had more sauces. Because all the meats were grilled, they can sometimes come off as being too dry. Having some more sauce to balance that out would have been perfect.

Also, the 4 different kinds of beef were a bit overkill... first world problems I guess?

Overall, if you wanted to stuff yourself with some great quality meat, then this is probably the perfect place for you. However, I don't think I could do another trip here. It's just a bit... too much. 

PS: Too many animals were harmed in the making of this dinner.
If you're going to go out, spend some money, don't go here. I've wanted to want to really want to like Samba. But after a few years and consistent gut rot afterwards, I'm going to retire this place from my list of options. Their Groupon deal is restrictive too so be careful! (doesn't include Fri or Sat). Meat quality and selection has waned in recent years, and... well, blah.
Went here on Saturday night with a Groupon I had recently bought. Being new to Groupon, I hadn't checked the fine print terribly closely, and the waitress brought to my attention that it is supposed to only be valid Monday through Thursday. Needless to say, I was really disappointed, but the server said she would check with her manager and let us know. 
My boyfriend and I enjoyed our meal. Some highlights from the salad bar were the flavorful grilled zucchini, the seesame-ginger dressing, and the pesto pasta salad. There was a Brazilian stew which was also excellent (with black beans, sausage, and lengua). The meats were also mostly tasty, though the pork was a bit dry, and one of the steak options was overcooked as well. Gotta love that grilled pineapple with cinnamon and sugar! 
Anyway, our bill came, and the server kind of put it down and ran away. I took a look at it, and saw no mention of the discount, so I flagged her down. She again stated that for future reference that this is only supposed to be vaild during the week...but then she accepted the discount! I was so relieved. Gotta appreciate that flexibility.
Disclaimer: We were there during the last day of a Groupon promotion, so the restaurant was really busy. 

I've eaten at Samba several times over the years, and was much more impressed when it was new. Some of that is to be expected, it's a lovely space and the concept was new to Madison. The building shows some wear (fix the damn front door, already!), but overall it's holding up well enough.

The star of the show is actually not the meat service, but the wonderful first course salad bar. Not a typical salad bar, but a meal in itself- I would go there for just the curried chicken salad and the popovers. I keep telling myself 'next time', but we always get meat as well.

The meats were fine- I recommend passing on the chicken legs and the chorizo, although it makes sense financially to offer lower cost cuts in addition to the steak and tenderloin (beef and pork). Beef is served on the rare side, so be aware, but it's quite tender and juicy.

Service was perfunctory, somewhat excusable for a Groupon night, but the server lost us for dessert by taking 10+ minutes to bring the dessert menu, and then disappearing for several more. That's the first time service has been rough, though.
Samba is one of my and my husband's places to eat for a nice dinner out. It's a little pricey, but everything is always delicious!

The salad bar is beyond amazing. Lots of veggies, cheeses, an amazing balsamic goat cheese, roasted garlic spread, curry chicken, bean salad, and much more.

The meat options are also really good. The parmesan crusted pork tenderloin is one of my favorites, but my absolute favorite is the sugar cinnamon pineapple - it's pretty amazing!
I love it here. Try the tres leches desert
This place was reccomended by a colleague, and was phenominal! Best meat around! The flank steak and parmesan crusted pork are to die for. The name "salad bar" doesnt do this array of goodies any justice. This is a must stop! Atmosphere is cozy and fun. The mojitos are made from scratch and original. Delicious!
My fiancee and I came here for our anniversary.  I loved the building and the atmosphere right away.  It looked like a converted theater and felt very intimate.  We were seated and greeted immediately.  The unlimited salad bar was first.  There was so much food to pick from!  I liked the variety, the different salad dressings, and I loved the mashed potatoes.  I had to remind myself that this was only the first course and limited the amount of food I took.  Everything was delicious and I ate pretty much everything I took.  Next was the meat course, my favorite!  I'm pretty sure I tried every kind of meat they had.  I was not a huge fan of the pork or the lamb.  I felt they were not very flavorful.  However, the top sirloin and the picanha were delicious.  I had chimichanga sauce to eat with the meat which really added a lot of flavor.  We were checked on often, and when I requested a certain type of meat (more picanha), it came very quickly.  This place is pricey, but it's great for special occasions, or restaurant week!  This is the second Brazilian steakhouse I've eaten at, and I think the other one was just a little better.
I like a number of things about this place. First of all, the salad bar has some unusual items you normally don't see at salad bars (spiced almonds, sweet potato salad, a garlic hummus, etc). But more importantly, the meats are done well. It's not just flank steak, it's flank steak marinated in balsamic and honey; it's not just chicken, it's mango barbecue chicken. You get the idea. Also, you don't need dessert after a few slices of grilled pineapple with honey and cinnamon.
They have a wide selection of salad bar. And of course, all kinds of meat. 
However, it's just too much for me. Some people like it best, but I am okay. 
Not to mention, it's too pricey :)
What a disappointment! 

My husband and I went to Samba last night, and when we walked in, we noticed that there weren't many people (most of the seats were empty), and there weren't that many gauchos running meat skewers - only two, which should be far too few for a Friday night... except there weren't too many people here.  

We've been to countless churracarias in the US and Brazil, so we are well familiar with the concept: there's usually a fabulous salad bar full of fresh fruit, salads, cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, and more. Occasionally, there'll be a hot dish bar. Samba fell short here - no fruit, no cold cuts, no vinagrette (a Brazilian chopped salad, as clasically churassaco as having potato salad or baked beans at an BBQ joint here), etc. It was very small - maybe 12 main options at the salad area, with two soups, rice and beans, mashed potatoes, and feijoada in the warm dish area. There was an ok selection of cheese (but hey, it's Wisconsin, I would expect that), and the balsamic goat cheese was pretty good. The rest of the salad choices were meh at best. 

When I returned from visiting the salad bar, the first guacho was serving my husband some picanha and one of the flank steaks. I was able to snag a piece, and it was not terrible - but nowhere near as good as I expect. Unfortunately, that was the best piece of meat I had all night. As the meal progressed, the meats become worse and worse. Everything starts getting an eggy taste that got stronger with each meat.

The pão de queijo eventually arrives .... but seems to be missing the cheese entirely. 

Eventually, we decided that we'd had enough, even though we weren't at all full, and that we'd find something to tide us over on the drive back to the hotel. $80 for unsatisfactory food, and a waste of time... we could have just gone to a traditional American steakhouse for that price, and gotten better food & service. I wish we had.
The meats were all great. The salad bar was fine. But the service was not what I would have expected. The host was rude and the server was constantly rushed. I have worked in the restaurant industry in years past and I understand that things can get crazy. But when I'm dishing out $150 for my wife and I to have a nice Christmas dinner, I expect a friendly host and an accompanying waitress. 

I usually love this type of Brazilian steak house. But I won't be back here. Too many other great places in Madison to give my money to.
Definitely pricey, but the food is excellent!  You could almost make a meal out of the salad bar alone (and that is an option).  All of the meats were amazing...definitely try the pineapple though too.  The staff was very attentive.  We actually turned the marker over for a bit to have time to eat because the gauchos were coming to the table so quickly.  Save room for dessert as well...my husband and I shared the flan and his aunt and uncle shared the tres leches.  Both were more than enough.
Pros:
1.  GRILLED PINEAPPLE. Oh my goooood.
2. Salad bar. I liked not having to wait for my food.
3. Cute "gaucho" guys!

Cons:
1. Lighting. Why is it so dark? Am I supposed to feel like I'm in a cave? Is that a Brazilian..thing...?
2. Price. Unless you're going to eat POUNDS of meat and salad, it's really not worth $37 per person.

Overall, not bad, but not super-crazy-awesome. Probably wouldn't go there again unless I was invited by a group, like I was for this visit. Or if I had a major grilled pineapple craving and $37 to spend.
I am a vegetarian and decided to go here with my omnivore boyfriend (it was first time going to a Brazilian Grill). I was worried there wouldn't be too many options for me but the salad bar proved me wrong. I thought it was absolutely delicious! The grilled pineapple was awesome as well! My boyfriend really enjoyed the meat options as well! He said it was nice that you didn't have to wait long to be served a different meat. We went here for restaurant week and were not disappointed. The price tag was a smidge high but overall a very nice place to eat.
Went to Samba during Restaurant Week. It was going to be my second time eating here. I did enjoy my first experience, so I figured I'd stop by again. They had the all you can eat salad bar and the endless meat for the Restaurant Week price of $30. I tried the "Batida" cocktail which was a passion fruit drink. Extremely sweet. I had this cocktail not too long ago during my first experience, and I don't remember it being so sweet. Maybe my palate has changed? The salad bar had great options. The black beans were tasty! Reminded me of Cuban style black beans with garlic and onions. The meats that happened to stop by my table were okay. Out of the mediocre meats, I liked most the "Picanha." I'm a fan of fat on meat and this cut had that. I do remember it tasting better the first time I came here as well. I also remeber the pork sausage that I got to try. It was really greasy, so I took one bite and had enough. The sausage tasted good, but was just too greasy for my liking. Overall, the meats were mediocre, and I do not believe I got to try every meat they had. I was seated in a small semi-private room, so I did feel a bit neglected at times. However, I did not leave hungry and I would give this place another shot.
I have been to Samba a handful of times over the past five years. It has never been at the top of my list for restaurants to attend. In fact, the only reason I have attended this restaurant the last few times we have gone is because of a groupon (2) and because a group of friends wanted to go. I feel like this place is on its last legs. 

From start to finish it was a constant blunder. We showed up at 6:45 on a Sunday night and they were slammed. The hostess said she "would definitely have us seated by 7:10." I didn't ask for such specificity, but okay, cool. 

We waited in the empty bar. We were the only two people there. It took our bartender 15 min to get us a glass of wine and a mojito. I sat there waiting to pay another 10 min. When the bartender finally took my card she sat it down on her cutting board where they slice the fruit and proceeds to finish making two more drinks for other tables. She called me sweetly and honey several times, which I found very disrespectful. She finally back my alcohol and juice covered credit card. End of that story. 

The hostess finally comes to seat us at 7:20. We sit down and the waiter shows up after about a five min wait. I ordered a glass of wine. About 20 min later we had to ask for it again. Our waiter then tells us he has a large section and he is sick. I'm sorry, but I don't really feel like getting sick either. I seriously question the health practices there. 

The food is pretty static. It's grilled meats and a fancy salad bar. It's really not bad. The flank steak, Parmesan pork and lamb are all pretty decent. 

The place is a little pricey. Couple glasses of wine, two dinners and tip will put you over $100. The wines by the glass are weak.
Samba is really expensive, considering how mediocre the service is.  I went for brunch recently and the hostess (an older woman) wouldn't seat us until our entire party had arrived (who were just looking for parking, which we told her).  I don't mind this policy when a restaurant is at capacity, but there were at least a dozen EMPTY tables.  She also wouldn't take our coats until our party had arrived!?!?  
     My partner can put food away, so we've been here several times, but for anyone with a normal appetite you can feel compelled to absolutely GORGE yourself to get your money's worth.
Not much meat selection,  really slow,  even though,I wasn't crowded.  The meat was really some poor cuts. Ie sirloin.   The salad bar was boring. I have to say I came Here about a year ago and was really impressed.
Yes the prices are high, but they're not as high as a Fogo de Chao or other super upscale Brazilian Steakhouse. However, the quality of meat is nearly as good. They have nine different meats: two Top Sirloins, Flank Steak, Beef Tenderloin, sausage, garlic chicken legs, Mango BBQ chicken, Parmesan Pork tenderloin, and Leg of Lamb. The pork, beef and BBQ chicken were all so tender and flavorful. Great contrast of tastes for the meats: the tenderloin and BBQ chicken were very sweet while the sirloin and pork were very savory. The cinnamon pineapple is absolutely amazing and really provides a good mix up for the meat. 

The reason I'm not giving them five stars is their salad bar was a big let down. A couple stews, different salads you could find at a WalMart (potato salad, pasta salad, romaine lettuce, etc). I guess I thought there should have been more accouterments for the meat. 

Plan on sitting for a while and eating to your heart's content-- I'd suggest going very, very hungry and you'll be satisfied!
Great looking place! Waited 25 minuts but only 10 or so dining..... not sure why! Salad was good! Food was o.k at bwst. Most was dry and overcooked.
If you have wanted to travel to Brazil but just haven't had the time to plan your trip, it's okay!!! You can travel to the next best thing, Val's Brazilian Restaurant in the city of Goodyear in Phoenix Arizona and experience Brazil up close and personal.  I've been to Brazil over the past 7 years and visited numerous Brazilian restaurants and eaten in  Churrascaria barbeque style food; let me say that Val's Brazilian Restaurant offers the same quality and atmosphere as the restaurants of Brazil. I have had more than a few friends visit me from Brazil and they all agreed with me that Val's Brazilian Restaurant serves the best Brazilian food and the fun lively atmosphere is outstanding.  I would recommend Val's Brazilian Restaurant if you like to have delicious Brazilian food and lots of fun.    On the weekends (Friday and Saturday nights) they offer live Brazilian music and live entertainment, with musicians from Brazil, and of course samba dancing performances at 8-9-10p.m. This is such a treat not only for you but for your friends and kids. I was there last Friday evening and had the pleasure to watch a 3 year old who loved the music so much he danced during the entire samba performances.   So if you want to have  some fun and good food go check out Val's Brazilian Restaurant and truly experience a taste of Brazil, you will be greeted by many Brazilians working at the restaurant with not only a smile, but asking how you like the food and music. You will more than likely be greeted from the owner, Val, personally.  This place is sooo much fun you will be glad you went.
The one and only time I visited was just enough to make me not want to try again. I went early enough in the lunch period that they should have what is on the menu. I tried to order two dishes to go, neither was available. So I just order what ever catches my eye at another glance at the menu. One chicken dish and one pork. Both were dry and just bad. My mate opened his box and took a bite and asked me what this crap was and tossed it in the trash. I made a couple of clubs at home instead.
I have now been to Val's twice.  My friend Nancy is in love with Val's and talks about it constantly, so when I was out on her side of town I went to dinner with her.  Val is amazing.  She is super friendly and is the main reason I am giving Val's a 4.  The food is good, but from what I've seen, the menu doesn't really exist.  She has food that is prepared, and if you get what is available it is quite good.  The mashed potatoes and tuna salad is amazing.  I understand this is not really a meal but they are both delicious.  I don't know that I am dying to go back, but if it was suggested I wouldn't run away.
Are they closed?? We stopped on 6-25-08 and everything was empty.
Tried Dino's Greek & Italian in the same plaza. three stars for it also.
There will come a point when you decide to go to a restaurant and realsie that indian food, italian food, Chinese food or any other type of standard 'world' restaurant will just not do it for you this time.

On that day, I strongly recommend that you try Brazilian Sensation, something that is rather unlike anything you will have ever tasted before.

I had a friend who worked here, and on occasion we would go visit her and grab a bite to eat while we were there. The food certainly is different to anything you may have tried before. But dont be put off, the food is always very tasty and fresh - with a lot of flavours such ac oconut, spices and friut being used to give a unique dining experience.

However, my friend also said that on most evenings it was essential to book, as the small restaurant (which is sized more like a cafe) fills up quickly and remains full all night. The staff are friendly and generally the atmosphere is very relaxed and some what fun, with bursts of brazilian music on the radio.

Truely someting different and worth a try!
When I first visited Brazilian Sensation there must have been some sort of party. It was the evening, the place was packed, and whatever was happening it had a carnival atmosphere. Despite the odds I found a seat. The result was a wonderful evening.

Brazilian Sensation offers something a little different. A friendly, family owned restaurant that serves real Brazilian snacks and meals. The whole place has an authentic feel, and you get the impression the owners care. It can get a little crowded at the best of times, lunch time tends to be much quieter. You will always feel welcome and relaxed. 

I didn't recognise the menu much when I first visited but I would definitely recommend the homemade tropical fruit ice cream, especially on a summer's day.

Prices are standard for Edinburgh and portions are a good size. Reservations are essential from 5pm onwards. Keep in mind that credit cards are not accepted.

For a different flavour of restaurant, try Brazilian Sensation!
This cafe/restaurant earns at least 500 cool points for the fact that 
it's co-owned by a former samba dancer from Brazil (yes, I couldn't help trying to picture her in those outfits!). You'll do a double take when you see some memorabilia on the walls, and realize it's the same woman behind the counter! One of the many cafes around the main Edinburgh University area in George Square, its bright yellow decor is a stark contrast to the city's grey backdrop and screamed at my friend and I to have a little lunch break there. The menu was intriguing, as I'd never thought of having cocunut, shrimp AND chicken all in one dish, but it was delicious! I also tried what's said to be a brazilian signature dish with black beans, which I must warn you did NOT look very appetizing, but I ended up cleaning the plate anyway. Aside from the menu, I've noticed they sell foodstuff as well, and a Brazilian speciality called acai.
This is one of the hardest places to get into in Edinburgh, they only take reservations. They staff here are absolutely fantastic, the whole place has a real spirit to it.  Maybe the happiest staff in the world.

While your here pick up some Açaí Jam, it's £10 a jar (it's supposed to be don't worry) You'll never taste anything so wonderful in your entire life.
Brazilian Sensation certainly offers something new and interesting on the Edinburgh restaurant scene.  Unless you're a native to Brazil, you could probably come here and try something completely different to anything you've had before.  It's quite a small restaurant with vibrant decor, yet a chilled out and friendly atmopshere.  The menu has a good range of dishes, most of them are slow-cooked with vegetables or stewed meat.  I had the pork with vegetables which tasted delicious and tender.  I came in a decent sized portion which is just as well because it cost £14 along with a portion of rice!
Although not cheap, Brazilian Sensation provides great service and unique, tasty food.
Family run restaurant which mainly serves a selection of rolls and small dishes during the day, but opens in the evening to provide a more extensive menu in the evening, though do book at least 24 hours in advance as it doesn't open every night. Not every menu item is always available but those that are are delicious. Great puddings too. Very inexpensive for lovely food and atmosphere.
There are very few Brazilians in Edinburgh. And we also have a habit of thinking we're the only ones in the city. Because, I mean, why would anyone in their right mind want to move to somewhere as cold and grim as Scotland when we Brazilians could remain in the warmth and sunshine of South America. 

I feel I should be reviewing this place simply because I'm Brazilian. And as such, I should know if this Brazilian cuisine is any good. But here's the deal: 1) the lady who runs this place is from a different region than I am and 2) that doesn't matter at all. The food is still pretty delicious. Even though it's not the kind of Brazilian food I'm used to. 

Lunch here is pretty affordable. Before I became a veggie I used to always get the chicken and prawn sandwich. Now I get the black bean sandwich or the cheese and jam sandwich. Which are also tasty. Back in the day, I took my now ex-boyfriend there for his birthday and we had bacalhau that was to die for. 

The woman who runs the restaurant with her husband also dances for the Samba School and there are portraits of her with the rich and famous peppered around the cafe. 

Oh, oh oh! Have their chocolate banana cake. It's mouth-watering.
As far as food goes this place is five star goodness. The food was excellent. My first Brazilian foray was a definite win and I'm looking forward to returning here to try more of this country's delights. 

Black beans, chick peas, chicken, palm hearts, spinach parcels, smoked fish, mango ice cream, little Brazilian truffles... Yum. We had a buffet and the food just came out as and when, so plates were passed around constantly and there was lots of sharing and sampling different dishes. Apparently this is just like the Brazilian style of eating so it suited me fine. 

The restaurant is small, the loos are through the kitchen and the place is run by a husband and wife duo. Their customer service manners fall decidedly short of stellar, but if you let that slide and enjoy the grub you'll be more than satisfied. 

This place is BYOB, so you can have a reasonably cheap and delicious meal here. They also only take cash. And dress warmly, because the joint is pretty cold!
I absolutely love this place! My husband and I decided to branch out and try other Brazilian steakhouses. I thought they were good and then we went back to TDB and there was no comparison! There salad bar is way better than the other places we tried. Service is always very good as well. Loyal fan!
if you love meat then this place is made specially for you, prepare to be swarmed by carvers generously serving various cuts of seasoned beef, filet mignon (bacon covered or by itself) , lamb, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage, all accompanied by traditional side items and house-baked Brazilian cheese bread (which by the way is  awesome when dipped into their lobster bisque) , so much food you want to come back and try it all, great list wines and awesome deserts, the ambiance is great for casual, business, celebration and romantic occasions.
We had dinner with my husband and my son here. So disappointed with the service our server Anne D never attend to our needs we have to ask her couple of times or get it ourselves. She never initiate to offer us anything we were at the table for more than 20 minutes she never offer anything then I asked her to give us drinks, caramelized banana and mashed potato even if we already asked her she didn't pay attention to it we have to ask her again.