I was actually sad when I got to this restaurant and saw that sign on their door no longer says  "Anime Ramen" because I've been craving their ramen ever since my last trip to Vegas a couple months ago. But my frown turned upside down as soon as I went inside to see that the waitresses were still dressed in anime costumes and that the place still kept  the anime theme. One of the waitresses said that it was the same menu with added items and just changed the decor of the restaurant. When you walk in you will immediately say to yourself "aw this place is so cute!" And that's because it is. From the pretty pink and glitter curtains to the floral lights hanging from the ceiling.

Everyone that works here is so helpful and friendly which just makes the dining experience that much better! Prices are reasonable (bowl of ramen is only $8) and there are a lot of things to choose from. Since they just "opened" they had a special discount which was 20% of all dessert. I got what I got last time, Stewed Beef ramen which was amazeballs. If you like spicy, ask for the chili oil and add it to your broth... So good. I also tried their calamari which was delicious. 

I totally recommend this place and trust me, it will be a unique dining experience :) The Pretty Maid Cafe will always be a must for me every time I'll be in Vegas!
We stumbled upon this place by accident on a recent visit and loved it. Excellent attentive service, awesome food and good prices. The avocado boba was devine and  the ramen and soba were the best we found in Vegas. I hope they do well and really look forward to visiting again.
One of my favorites in Vegas! The feel is always very happy and welcoming when I go. I'm definitely a regular. 
The honey toast is amazing! Also their taro boba smoothie is sooo good, better then a lot of ones in the china town area.
The prices are okay. Honey toast $7. It's and okay price for a couple pieces of toast and an icecream, but the ambiance and decorations definitely make up for it!
Cuteness overdrive.. If you are into that sort of stuff. 
I've outgrown my anime obsession for years now, but I still appreciate the art and totally understand the intrigue and its draw. Anyway, onward with this cafe.

Used to be known as Anime Ramen when it was first opened (so my Mom told me - she is my food scout here in Las Vegas), now Pretty Maid Cafe. If you are into Cosplay or familiar with the anime culture, you'll get a kick out of the theme. If not, this probably boggles your brain like some kind of Loli-con show. So, keep an open mind and your tummy will appreciate it :)

Place decor is cool, in keeping with the theme - frilly curtains, girlish color, feminine deco plus 3 TV screens playing different anime flicks. And here comes the maids, um I mean, your servers :)  Dressed up head to toe in a French-maid costume anime style, even their speech is in overdrive! That means high pitch cutesey fast as a rapid fire which we barely understand what she was saying (OMG We almost LOL in front of her, NOT ridiculing her, but from our own comprehension or lack of it towards what she was saying to us. *ehm* ok. In short, they are totally in line with the theme. Now food.

Ramen. That was what we came for. We ordered Tonkotsu and Shoyu, and Tuna Poke apps. Tuna was good. It was served on a bed of seaweed salad. 

I didn't expect the ramen noodles to be different between the Shoyu and Tonkotsu. The noodles in the Shoyu Ramen was the one I'm used to, slightly textured/uneven - I like to described it noodle with kinks - and  somewhat chewy.  The noodles that came with the Tonkotsu Ramen was smooth and slightly thinner, more like Soumen type of noodles.  Personally I like the kinky one. 

The Shoyu broth is tasty, and I like that it is not drown in a lot of salty after taste. Usually I'd choose Tonkotsu broth over Shoyu, but here, I have to place my vote on the Shoyu.  The Tonkotsu broth was smooth, but tastes creamy and "milky" not in the color (obviously Tonkotsu broth is milky color), I meant the taste is like milk cream. I haven't looked into the proper way of making a Tonkotsu broth and it's modern variation of it, but this makes me wonder if people use cream as a shortcut to create the texture and murkiness of the broth. 

The pork slices were a bit crumbly and dry. Not sure what to make of it, but ... nah. I don't like it. The taste and texture were just ... wrong somehow. They did look good in the presentation, though. 

Service was fast. Place is clean and well lit. They have J-comics for you to read if you like reading while eating your meal, alone. 

Unfortunately, when I was about to order the desserts, intrigued by the cute pictures on the menu, she told me that pretty much everything in the dessert menu except the ice creams was unavailable... O.O 

Would I come here again? Only if Monta Ramen was way too crowded and I crave ramen real bad.
You get greeted soon as you enter the door. She says something in Japanese and then walks over to you and sits you.

It isn't crowded place, in fact when me and my group got there we were the only ones in there. People started flowing in later on. The restaurant is decorated in anime characters and playing an anime film on the TV. The food is a bit different and decorated too. They make cat faces and bears out of the food. Creative and cute.

I had boba for the first time here. For my first time I decided to go with Vanilla. I didn't like the tapioca. :( 

I ordered the Beef Ramen. I am so use to that crazy seasoning that comes with the cheap Top Ramen you get in the store. When I ordered there's, I didn't enjoy it. It was not seasoned enough for me. The beef wasn't either. Lot of fat on the beef tips. The beef broth is good sipping on it, but it's like when you take a mouthful of noodles without sipping the broth, it's boring. I am just a silly fat American, so seasoned food is a must for me.

The dessert was amazing! I guess that is my order of choice is just sweets lol. 
Good hangout place. Try it
Maid Cafe's are big in Japan.  Cosplay is big, and there's also this odd cute/juvenile fetish.  If you have no idea what a maid cafe is, you could walk in here thinking you just walked into a 12-year-old's tea party.  There's a high creepy factor here if you don't get the whole cosplay maid thing.  The place has pink curtains with flowers and a few cosplay or anime or whatever posters along with J-Pop and K-Pop music in the background and a Japanese cartoon on two TVs.  In Japan, space is limited, so everything is more cozy.  The place felt a bit too spread out or sparsely decorated or something.  It could use more cosplay posters or anime figurines or something.  The maid was cute, not Japanese though, but then again most sushi chefs in America are Mexican or Pacific Islander.  It's not a big deal.  It's like going to the Hofbrauhaus and getting an Irish or Italian waitress, like who really knows the difference right?  The maid waitress was super polite and knew some Japanese, and I wasn't sure if that was her natural demeanor or if she was just playing up the whole Japanese waitress demeanor which is super polite and formal.  She had that unique Japanese-American accent you'll get if you ever heard an American come back from Japan.  It was a bit creepy though, kind of like those pirate waiters talking in pirate lingo.

I'm sure the food portions here are much larger than in Japan.  I had the Japanese pizza and omurice (fried rice wrapped in a thin omelette).  I'm not sure what they call it here.  The photo showed it with hot sauce drizzled over to create a smiling cat face or something, and my one only had lines.  I was disappointed by that.  The whole point of the maid cafe is that they make funny faces and stuff with the food to amp up the cute factor.  My chef was lazy.  But the food was excellent.  The Japanese pizza is thick cheese over vegetables like broccoli and carrots.  Sort of odd but not entirely bad.  

Overall, a cool experience as I've never been to a maid cafe in Japan yet.  It has a fun, creepy, odd, wierd factor that would make it fun to go with unsuspecting friends who have no idea what cosplay is, just to get their reaction.
So from my understanding, Maid Cafes are basically cosplay restaurants except every one is dressed as maids. Neat concept in my opinion. 

My friends and I came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch. I had already came there when it was Anime Ramen so I thought it'd be cool to see what had changed. From what I remembered the food was OK and from this visit, it stayed OK. I got the katsu bento box. Nothing really special about it. The price for the food was a little high for me but I don't mind if I get a 'maid experience'. The waitress that we had wasn't dressed in a maid outfit.. she just had on a hello kitty t-shirt with cat ears and tail... I guess that would work if it was still Anime Ramen but now that the store is going for the Maid Café theme, then everyone should be in character. Service was good just that it was lacking the Maid experience. Probably won't be back since nothing really stood out from their menu.. they had ramen and other Japanese items but tastier finds can be found somewhere else.
We were eating and began to realize that our CHICKEN was partially pink. The owner said, "It's not raw. We slightly undercook the meat to keep it juicy." We never said that it was raw. Basically, they are trying to cover up the fact that they don't know how to properly cook their protein. All I can say is, we are NEVER COMING BACK.
FYI as of 2013-Sep-27 this place is open again.  New management and name, same location.  

Friend and I went in to see how it had changed.  I had not visited when this place a full Maid cafe, but rather further back when it was Anime Ramen.  

The staff wear outfits, but the services which I would expect at a Maid cafe were not present (sing-along, dance routines, photo-ops, etc.) so they may just be focusing more on the atmosphere.  

Food was average, which for this town is actually pretty good.  They were still working on getting the kitchen fully stocked so not every menu item was available.  The staff is friendly and easy-going.  Dining area is clean and they kept the water glasses full. Menu prices are reasonable.  Meal and a dessert may run you about $20.  

If want a different decor for your Japanese food, I'd definitely visit this place. It's the only game in town if you enjoy anime/outfits with your mochi.