http://www.ikea.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/IkeaNearYouView?storeId=12&catalogId=11001&langId=-1&StoreName=localfood

I love the IKEA Restaurant. 

I love the meatballs and the gravy and the lingonberry sauce and the lingonberry drink and their coffee, both regular and decaf. I love their salmon and their shrimp and their pastries and their dill sauce and their little red potatoes and just everything!  I've never had anything there that isn't delicious!  And I love that I can afford it all and even sometimes get two entrees so I can taste both if I haven't been there for awhile.  And I love that not only is it all delicious there but it is all available to buy packaged and/or frozen to take home and enjoy even more! 

I love the IKEA Cafeteria.

Sample menu:

Deluxe Breakfast Plate 
Scrambled eggs, bacon, Swedish pancakes with lingonberries, potatoes, and coffee. 
$1.99 
 
Open-face Shrimp Sandwich 
Served open faced on wheat with cold-water shrimp, hard boiled egg, and mayonnaise. 
$2.49 
 
 
FAMOUS SWEDISH MEATBALL PLATE FOR ONLY $4.99 15 Swedish meatballs with potatoes and sweet-tart lingonberries.

BIG SWEDE BREAKFAST PLATE AVAILABLE FOR ONLY $2.99: Scrambled eggs, bacon, Swedish pancakes with lingonberries, potatoes, French toast sticks, sausage patty, and coffee.
imagine you have been on a long journey.  a LONG journey.  you have tromped down aisle after aisle, dodging children and carts, sidestepping around displays...you are tired.  exhausted...and hungry.  that trip through swedish furniture heaven has left you with a hunger you can't describe...but never fear...the ikea cafeteria is here!

the swedish meatball meal is fucking AWESOMENESS!  love, love, love it.  their potatoes rock, the lingonberry sauce is the shit and the gravy is seriously an orgasm in your mouth.  this meal is so good, i get it every time.  i munched on some of the salmon my hubby got...it was descent...but he made a mistake not getting the meatball goodness.  IF they have it, also try the lingonberry juice...the last two times i've gone, they didn't have it (sad, sad monkey), but when they do, i GULP that shit down!  it's badass.  i also dig the europe feel of the place...you clean up your own table, which i like.

5 stars for awesomeness-ness...especially cuz you get a workout right before you chow down.
So much food for so little money, and they have kids meals that the kids will actually eat.  If you do not like what they offer in the cafeteria you can get food downstairs like Pizza and hotdogs...what kid does not like Pizza or a hotdog?

I had the meatballs and mashed potatoes and they were so good.  I wish there was something bad to say about eating in a furniture store cafeteria, but there really is not - it was great food, great service and fun for the kids (there is a play area with a TV that they can eat at too (so the parents can enjoy their food too)

My wife had the herb chicken and it looked great too, and she said it was really tasty too.  She loved it.  The desserts were amazing too, and very filling --- SO MUCH FOOD for SO LITTLE THE MONEY!

I wish it was not so far away from Queen Creek, or I would hit it up so much more often!
Alright I never thought of reviewing the IKEA cafeteria before.  But my husband and I ran into Audrey W and HER plus one (yes, kind of pathetic we were both at IKEA on a holiday weekend), and she mentioned the cafeteria has not only been reviewed but gets glowing ratings.  You gotta be kidding me.  

Yes, the food isn't bad and some of it is actually pretty good.  But usually if you're eating there, you're fed up and in dire need of being fed, which could taint your perspective just a bit.  But the rest of the experience is tolerable at best, nauseating at its worst.

Today was a typical experience.  Most of the trays were wet or dirty or both.  I had to go through several glasses to find acceptably clean ones...acceptably clean, not necessarily clean.  The line was backed up so we thought paying cash would be good.  Too bad the guy working did not have change to break a $20 when our bill was $18.30.  Most every table was dirty.  There was no ligonberry drink (the one highlight of this experience in general) to be found.  A small child was spotted running around like a lunatic, only stopping long enough to eat food off of a dirty plate she found in the clean up pile.  Parents?  Anywhere?  Hello?  Unfortunately, I was not in the men's room to witness the horror of a man chasing a naked child through the restroom...naked as in completely naked.  Luckily it was the child and not the man.  And luckily it was not my husband doing the chasing.  At least I don't think it was.

So if this is everyone's idea of a 5-star experience, I'm sorry for you or maybe for me for not seeing what everyone else does.  In any case, I've had better, but I'm sure I will be back.
20 meatballs, mashed potatoes and gravy, lingonberries, and a kid mac 'n' cheese. Less than 9 bucks. We get water. 

Sometimes the line is long.

But seriously, less than 9 bucks. Oh, that includes a delicious almond torte.
Great furniture great prices great quality. Can't stop buying stuff from it. Luv the marketplace.
I think the food is delicious, especially the meatballs. Nom. The last time I was there, I was in the mood for something lighter so I opted for the buffalo chicken wrap. The wrap was good, but surprisingly hot... like hotter than "hot" wings at most restaurants. I actually had to stop eating because my mouth was on fire despite downing multiple classes of whatever beverage I was drinking. 

When it's busy, the cafeteria can get pretty unkept... seems like they don't have enough staff to keep up with the cleaning a lot of the time. But, when I go on a weekday when there aren't 50 million people at IKEA, everything looks great
Meh.. Its a cafeteria I guess so don't really expect much more. Maybe I am just not that into meatballs and the gravy and the lingonberry or something. That was the only thing that made this place stand out from a Luby's ( do they even have those any more?)

If you are in the habit of hanging around in Ikea as a day trip I could see being grateful for it. I am not married and don't have kids so maybe I just don't spend that much time furniture shopping to appreciate it to be all OH SNAP!..

That was the best chicken Cesar salad from a plastic container and carried on a tray I ever had.

It was good cafeteria food.. I wouldn't hesitate to eat there again next time I am shopping for my next BASISK ,or ALÄNG or even a DUDERÖ (or what ever) but I sure would not seek this place out like my friend. No beer either.. That would definitely bump them up a star..

ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME IKEA!? 

You guys would make a killing not to mention another star if you just had a little booze.. Well just think about it anyway.
I ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping.  It's cafeteria food, people.  I didn't go in there thinking I was going to get a five star meal for $3.99.  I got the veggie pasta w/ alfredo sauce and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I couldn't even make it through half of the store before I felt super duper sick.  No more cafeteria food for this girlie.  Stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out....
Scandinavian cuisine is probably the hardest thing to find in Arizona so when IKEA was built a few years ago, I was an immediate fan. If you've lived in Finland or Sweden, this is a bit of nostalgia that you have to have at least every once in awhile. Pass over the typical cafeteria fair offered for Americans and go for the meatballs and mashed potatoes, a classic Scandinavian meal. You eat it all together - scoop up a meatball covered in gravy and top it off with a bit of the potatoes and lingonberry sauce. Delicious! The lingonberry drink is great to mix with either carbonated water or a bit of Sprite to make it more of a soft drink than juice or grab a bottled cider and don't forget to grab a "princess cake" for dessert. You'll feel like you're far north rather than in the middle of the desert.
Ikea cafeteria... I finally ate at one.  I had heard about the meatballs for a long while and finally took the plunge.  After years of anticipation, they were... meh.  Good enough I guess but pretty greasy. lol  I really liked their chocolate cake though, and cheap bowl of salad... and lingon berry soda.

Prolly won't see ya there!
A very well run operation.  Surprisingly good food at a GREAT value!

When we arrived, the cafeteria was TOTALLY slammed.  Heard later that is was "kid's eat free" day.   No wonder!  The line snaked all around the drink service area.  But, it kept moving along.  The wait gave us a chance to review the menu item posters, which looked good.

The Swedish meatballs & gravy were a bit heavy, but tasty.  The lingonberries on the side were awesome.  The Gravlax salmon & salad with special dill mustard was good too.  And, the soup (corn & green chili bisque) was delicious.  IMHO, the Princess Cake was too sweet, but the my family liked it more than me.  

And yes, as the other Yelper stated, the carbonated LIngonberry drink was super refreshing.

And, best of all, the four of us ate & drank ourselves silly for only $18.   If your at IKEA or looking for a cheap lunch in the area, it's definitely worth the visit.
Nothing like chugging down some greasy cheese pizza before you shop!  Yes, the upstairs cafeteria has a good selection of cheep food, but I prefer to skip the crazy lines and snag me a piece of pizza and a coke for $2.50.    If you've never been there, the pizza/hot dog stand is by the checkout lines, so when you walk in, go past the escalator and take a sharp left. It's right by the market where you can purchase food to take home with you.  Quick tip for a party, grab a bag of meatballs and jar of lingberry jam.  Throw them in a crockpot with some chipotle seasoning and bbq sauce, and then just let it cook for a couple hours... It's always a huge hit and super simple! Thanks Ikea.
disgusting, VERY very bland no flavor at all. Food is usually overcooked and cold from sitting out for so long.
I dig the cafeteria here..is it wierd that every time i go to Ikea i get hungry within 10 minutes?  they must have figured out how to turn thier gravy into a gas and pipe into thier store like casinos with Oxygen...

it is not super gourmet, just good fast cheap food.
It's cafeteria food! Can you really expect gourmet? No. But what you can be sure of is that the prices are cheap and it's pretty darn tasty.

I had the stuffed salmon with weird potato/broccoli cakes and carrots. I got the sauce as well which was described to me as 'butter'. No, it's not butter. But there might be a smidgen in it.

As far as the quality, the salmon wasn't the best quality but certainly no the worst. The potato cakes were fantastic and the carrots were perfectly steamed.

Taste wise the salmon itself was great, the sauce was horrible (and the dish does not need it). The potato/broccoli things were fantastic and while the carrots were perfectly cooked they needed some salt. 

On a side note, I did like the Lingonberry drink when I mixed it with sprite!
I've eaten at the IKEA cafe twice now. The first time was average. I had the Chicken and Penne pasta. The meal was decent, but nothing great.

Recently during another outing, I went with the chicken tenders and fries. The tenders were really good and enjoyed the fries. Next time I eat here, I have a good idea what I'm going to eat. I still need to get the Swedish Meatballs at some point.

The mac and cheese as a side is decent. It's not Lo Lo's!

A primary concern eating here is the person getting your food doesn't understand English well or speaks English well. While ordering my tenders and fries, she started to serve me another menu item. Luckily another lady understood and corrected the problem. I had a similar issue with the same lady when I ordered the chicken and pasta in an earlier visit to know this wasn't a one off issue.

There is also a snack bar near the check out area with hog dogs and other snacks. The allure of cinnamon rolls is hard to resit.
What more can you say about a breakfast that is $1.99?  Well it was decent, hit the spot but was not gourmet by any means!  The eggs tasted like they were powdered eggs but the french toast sticks are pretty good!

If you are driving 10-15 miles to come visit ikea then you should check out the restaurant and make a day of it.  I think the lunch would be better because it seems like they have more of a selection than they do at breakfast!
Feeling a little silly raving about the food in a cafeteria for a furniture store - but it's true! - The food is very good, and the prices are probably cheaper than the average (subsidized) school lunch program.    Vanity stops me from going to Ikea just to have a great breakfast or lunch (for like $3-4) so sometimes we make up an excuse to browse at Ikea, just so we can combine it with lunch.    The food (in the cafe) is fresh cooked - like healthy grilled salmon, or from simple chicken dishes to swedish meatballs etc ... I hesitate to say "considering the price, the food is great"  because it makes it seem like it's about a cheap meal.  No ... Think of the food in the Ikea Cafeteria like their furniture:   Quality, stylish, sometimes exotic, always unique, at a great price  (and you have to assemble it yourself ; )
Great prices. Convenient if you're planning a long afternoon browsing their showroom (it takes 2-3hrs to see it all). Sometimes I browse, then eat/sit/consider, and go down to the marketplace afterwards.

My husand and I both love the meatballs and the potato/broccoli cakes. We buy them in the Swedish Food Market to make at home as well. 

I also love the cold salmon/greens salad with the sweet mustard sauce on the side. 

The chocolate cake is light and dee-lish, if you have room.
Weirdest experience ever. Long story short, never been to an Ikea, visiting the family in AZ. Stopped here first for dinner before the shopping excursion.

I think it was weird but in a good way as it seemed like a futuristic type cafeteria. Maybe I am super nieve but I felt like I belonged in a weird sci-fi movie. Okay lol not quite. But it seemed this is what life would be like cafeteria style, I dunno. I guess I'm the weird one.

Anyoo, we had a group of 7, everyone had the meatballs I had the crepes and mac n cheese. Definately cafeteria quality although you can buy the meatballs frozen downstairs. 

I guess what was weird are those tray cart things, super convenient but so foreign to me lol. Cleaning up after yourself is kinda strange, putting trays in a shelf thing and then throwing away specific items. This is the future! Bottles, plastic, landfill. etc.

HAHA whatever. Since I am back in town, I am going to the one in Palo Alto, I couldn't purchase shelves and bring them back on the plane with me, but will look forward to eating here again as I believe its a must for your Ikea experience.
Decent quality food at very reasonable prices.  The desserts are the best items to get here, especially the apple cake.  It's moist, filled with a lot of apples, and not overly sweet.  They offer the obligatory Swedish meatballs with lingonberry, as well as items like salmon, pasta, chicken, and various sandwiches.  Drinks are unlimited since there is a free-range soda fountain.  They occasionally have special holiday dinners to celebrate various Swedish holidays (The past few times I went for their holiday dinner it was $9.99 per person).  These dinners are great, as they come with a lot of tasty Swedish foods you might not have tried before.
Yes, it is weird to get a plate of meatballs and gravy with  lingonberries and mashed potatoes in a furniture store. But if it's wrong I don't want to be right! Tasty and super cheap you could draw some comparisons to all the other bits of merchandise carried by IKEA, but I'll let you be the judge.

Only once was I awake early enough to get their breakfast, and it was pretty good and only 99 cents!

Other highlights: apple cake :) the hot dogs and cinnamon buns aren't too bad downstairs, either.
Been here a couple of times nice and the food not bad; especially on a Monday when it is free!
Free breakfast in the morning.  What's not to like except maybe the portion size.
Even after a brief stint working here, I still love the meatballs. The cafe menu is expanding and remains fresh and affordable.

I love IKEA.  I read the catalog for fun.  I make a point to stop at the cafeteria when I'm in the store.  After walking the 5 miles of hamster trails through the place, I need some food.  The menu is limited: meatballs, a wrap, a shrimp salad thing, smoked salmon, a fish dish, chicken fingers and fries for the kids.  The prices are reasonable (5 bucks for 15 meatballs, mashed potatoes and gravy) and the portions are good.  The food is like the furniture; simple, straightforward and easy to assemble.  What you see is really what you get.  I've never had a bad meal here, but my expectations are also moderated.  Gourmet this is not.  But it sure hits the spot when your blood sugar is somewhere in housewares and you're still trying to figure out the dimensions you need for that new entertainment unit.
OK, the place has a limited menu but the prices are great and who doesnt love a platter of sweedish meatballs.  If your store purchase adds up to $100 or more your meal is free.  The desserts are especially yummy.  You can tell they aren't made locally however.
I think the meatballs is overrated.  Cheap food but meh, mediocre in taste.  You can't go wrong with their longen (spelling?) drink though and their choco cake was deeee-lish.  We'd probably come to eat here again as a snack, not a meal.
Yesterday Mr. C and I rode our bikes over to the Ikea.  We misread the website and didn't realize we were there an hour before the store opens. Luckily, we saw a sign that the cafeteria opens at 9am on Saturday, so we decided to check it out.

Mr. C ordered the "Big" breakfast which was a typical plate that included  eggs, french toast, potatoes, and bacon.  I ordered the Swedish  pancakes and lingonberry sauce.  Our bill was less than $10, and with free coffee before 10am, I think it's worth it.  

We'll be attending breakfast again.  Yum.
What other restaurant offers gourmet coffee for FREE & a HOT BREAKFAST FOR 99¢??     :-)

The main store opens at 10, but the restaurant at 8 AM.  I stopped in here a little before 10 the other morning & enjoyed this breafast, consisting of scrambled eggs, home style potatoes, bacon, plus all you want of their delicious coffee (free with or without buying breakfast at this time of day).  What a treat for the price!
 
Want more?  The 99¢ breakfast is FREE too on Mondays, & the COFFEE is FREE every day at ANY TIME OF DAY with your (also free) membership in their "IKEA Family" club.

Hungry again for a snack after your shopping?  Grab a tasty hot dog for 50¢ (!) or buy one of their tasty soft yogurt cones downstairs & get another one for FREE with your new IKEA Family Membership!  

IKEA rules!     :-))
Love that they were offering free meals to teachers this summer on Tuesdays-Wednesday-Thursday.

Love that kids eat free on Tuesday.

Me and three kids ate free.  LOVE!

Food is just okay.  I am not a fan of cafeteria style dining.  I got a greek salad but ended up giving it to my husband because I was to full after my vegetarian cheddar broccoli soup.  Two thumbs up!  The roll with butter was good also.  So was the ligionberry juice.

Kids had mac & cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy and meatballs.  They were happy.
I've eaten at the Ikea cafeteria several times, and while the food won't blow your mind, they have a good selection of hot buffet items (including the coveted Swedish meatballs with creamy gravy) as well as cold sandwich and salad plates. Another nice touch is that you can always find something with salmon in it. And although I'm not a sweet drink fan (I'm always searching for extra diet soda options), whenever I'm at the soda fountain here I help myself to an icy glass of lingonberry juice drink. Hey when in Sweden... er, Ikea, do as the other random shoppers do... or something to that effect.

What I do want to mention that may be overlooked in other reviews of the Ikea cafeteria, is that they periodically have special dining events. I discovered on the Ikea website that they announce an all-you-can-eat Swedish Crayfish Party. Unfortunately, you cannot buy the tickets on-line, so you have to show up in person at the Ikea cafeteria. My delinquency in getting myself over there in the past stymied my chance at checking this event out years ago. This time I was determined to get my crack at some tasty mudbugs (having lived in Louisiana for seven years, I am a bit obsessed with getting my seasonal crawfish fix). I bought my tickets about a week in advance, and the second seating (6 - 8 p.m.) was already sold out. I settled on the first seating from 3 - 5 p.m. Note that this event takes place during a weekday, so not everybody has an accommodating work schedule for the early seating.

The Crayfish Buffet was quite impressive! The crawfish are served cold and aren't cayenne pepper spicy, like Cajun style. Rather, they have a distinctive dill seasoning that is interesting nonetheless. The rest of the buffet includes a mess of food including Swedish meatballs, pickeled herring, smoked salmon, salt-cured lox, cold salads, potatoes (boiled and mashed), cheese and crispbread, shrimp cocktail, and a great dessert selection of rhubarb tarts, elderflower cupcakes and cookies! You will not go home hungry after sampling everything.

The food service personnel were super friendly and helpful. The entire cafeteria area was closed to regular shoppers and reserved for the big party. The entire place was decked out with crayfish-themed decorations including bibs and party hats! We made new friends while waiting in line and dined and chatted the entire time. If you are a crawfish fan, or just an avid food explorer who wants to sample a little bit of Sweden, keep your eyes peeled for these occasional funky events at the Ikea cafeteria. What a blast!
I have to 4-star this joint.

Tuesdays through December are free kids meals, no purchase necessary, just show the brat and you get the meal.
Here are the options;
Mac-n-cheese w/ vegetables and juice (excellent mac-n-chs)
Chicken strips, fries and milk (2 huge tasty strips)
Meatballs w/ mashed potatoes & fountain soda (never tried them, meatballs are beef and pork, we don't eat pork)
Organic pasta w/ tomato sauce, stoneyfields yogurt, sliced apples and juice (very good)

You can change the sides of fries to vegetables or vice versa.
Show your member card and get free coffee (member cards can be picked up at the kiosk outside the cafe, very quick and easy).
My husband and I love an afternoon wasted at Ikea, and we always stop for lunch at their cafe. Today Shane and I were ravished so we picked up a little of everything and shared. 

First, sweetish meatballs. Always a favorite. Though they have introduced some kind of lingonberry "pump" which dispenses the lingonberries which leads to it being more runny juice than an actual "relish" or "chutney". They've also drastically cut down the mashed potato portion, which it was still lovely. 

The side of Mac and Cheese. There is something so comfortable about their Mac...  Which can only be described as hospital gourmet. I know that sounds awful but it really isn't. I love it. I always want to take some home but it never makes it. 

The buffalo chicken wrap. This is my husband favorite dish. I'm not a huge fan so he ate most of this dish. They are served cold and hubs said something was off today. No foul since we ordered too much anyways. 

The caprese salad.  I don't know if this is new or if I have missed it before but it was just delightful. The tomatoes were fresh and crisp, the mozzarella tasted pretty fresh, the basil was green and inviting. The amount of balsamic vinegar was just perfect. 

We also got a piece of chocolate cake which was too rich to finish. Maybe more cake and less mouse? 

But here is the most exceptional part of our day, a young lady by the name of Anastasia. As I was checking out she let me know there was a deal going on, if I got back and get MORE food I'd save 2 dollar. Now we certainly didn't need more food but she voluntarily saved us money.  We took the chips home and passed on the soup.  

I don't know I'd Miss Anastasia is ever on yelp but its small things you so that made you so exceptional. Continue to be a positive ray of sunshine in a usually thankless job!!
The $1.25 breakfast seemed appealing to my husband and he wanted to try it. I saw these cute looking Swedish desserts made with marzipan so I was curious about them so I picked one up. It is a cafeteria and you go threw a line just like you did at school. I didn't try any of the breakfast plate but to my eye the eggs seemed to have been cooked in a large batch in a steamer. The turkey sausage and potatoes didn't appear to be a fresh kind and had that certain frozen look to them like what you can find in your grocers freezer. You can see in my photo they look very processed.

I go to try the little cake and have a taste of the frosting. Wow! it was terribly sweet and have a texture that was like liquid rubber with an awful after taste. So I peal some off and go for the inside. The cake tasted like something processed and a chemical fake raspberry taste was above it. I fear it had it had castoreum in it. If you don't know what castoreum is you possibly don't want to know what it is but you HAVE eaten some if you ever ate a Cadbury Cream Egg.

A few things did look better than the breakfast like the tomato and cheese salad and the gravlax plates. 

If you are a fan of the meatballs you can buy them in the store in the frozen section.

I think most people have had food outside the box and have had better.

1.5 Stars
We ordered a slice of pizza and drink combo for about 3.50 after tax. Yummy! I got the lingonberry drink which was delish.  They also have a Swedish grocery market! 

We came for furniture and ended up furnishing our place, eating lunch and grocery shopping at ikea. If that's not the epitome of corporate up selling, what is?  :)
Wasn't impressed at all with the quality of the food. I've been here before and had a pleasant experience but the most recent experience was not a good one. The food quality was different and not in a good way!
Their swedish/American breakfast is only 2.99.  Why so cheap, well I thnk they use powdered eggs to make scrambled eggs and ground pork/turkey and form them in a press to look like sausages. For $1.29 you can get a side of 4 sausages. The diced potatoes were taken out of the deep fat fryer 18 seconds before it was done mainly because they couldn't keep up with the demand. 
The best thing out of the whole breakfast was the swedish pancakes but they were were cold, stiff and dry. The jam is a must if you want to enjoy them.
The cinnamon roll was also dry maybe because they were sitting out under the lights.
The Loginberrry drink was a little watered down, but the flavor was still noticeable.
Even though I'm complaining, where else can you get a breakfast for two under $10.
Yum! Meatballs and mashed potatoes! It was pretty savory and so cheap! Look out for deals and specials. On my receipt, they are doing an all you can eat buffet during special times. 

Also, free coffee with the ikea family card. 

We were also on the hunt for some ice cream. Soft serve is downstairs!