decent food.  standard sports bar motif and quality.   tvs everywhere.  longer wait than i'd like especially for lunch, but what are you gonna do.  Their fries were tastey
Great pizza, awesome pizza and beer deal.
I actually worked here briefly during university so I can give you the inside scoop on this place.

It's run by a guy named Dino who owns a few other restaurants, but essentially, it's a pretty independent establishment which should be an up since it's always nice to support the littler guys.

Their food is actually pretty good considering that at heart this is a university sports bar. All of their chicken is fresh, never frozen. Their stir fry's were my favourite menu items.

They have a great patio with televisions, high top tables, and if you can time it right you might also be able to snag a few of their comfortable lounge chairs.

Inside there are booths with individual televisions, a bar area with high top tables, a party room that accommodates sports teams and a big screen television with tables in front of it for all the big games, fights, etc.
I've been to McGinnis front row at least 50 times in the last twenty years.  Both as a 20 something university student, and now as a parent of three kids.  Most of my visits in the last ten years have been restricted to lunch, so we haven't had issues getting a table.

This is not a haute cuisine restaurant.  This is a sports bar, that also serves as a great place for friends and family to hang out, watch a game, and enjoy each others company.

There's a massive screen tv and another section where each booth has their own tv.  The sports theme has been their staple.  I appreciate the throwback Blue Jays art, and the fact that they support both WLU and UW evenly in the establishment.

One of the pluses about this place is that they aren't afraid to experiment with changing their menu.  I often try the new items and they have never disappointed.  They also have a number of staples.  My wife loves their nachos.

This trip I tried one of their poutine variants and stole some of my sons ravioli.  Though I liked the poutine the ravioli was awesome.

The other plus for the kids is the sundae cart.  Kids love having artistic control over their desserts, and this is the only place I'm aware of beyond some buffets that will let kids add their own toppings.

Finally service staff - consistently good staff, they look for very social outgoing staff.  Today was no exception.
Came here for lunch - they have weekly specials, and cheap drinks, and are conveniently located very close to the Waterloo campus.

I ordered the bacon cheeseburger, which was quite a monstrosity when it arrived. Unfortunately, the one inch thick beef patty was dry and flavorless, and the entire ensemble was just greasy, dripping mess. The sweet potato fries were surprisingly good, however, and I would definitely recommend them over the regular fries. I stole a few of my friend's chicken tenders as well - they're listed as a house special, and they're quite interesting: instead of the usual chicken tender shape, they're very long and skinny strips of chicken, which makes for maximum crunch and dipping surface area. I personally really liked them, but if you're a fan of fat swaths of battered chicken, it probably won't be for you.
Eek! Disaster!

So maybe it was our mistake for picking a university bar for lunch... but still, if the place is open for lunch, it should at least make a decent attempt at lunch.

Veggie burger. Patty was quite obviously just smashed beans. Didn't really stick together well. Reminded me of the quintessential lunch lady and her ominous spoonful of mystery sludge. What a mess.

I guess it goes without saying, and I feel kind of foolish for having to clarify... but do not come here for lunch. Period.

Saving grace is their fries. Not that they were spectacular, or even that special, but among the other underachieving options for food, the fries at least demonstrate that this place knows how to make one thing satisfactorily. Gives me some hope that their bar/night scene isn't a complete trainwreck.
Food is pretty good and the environment is perfect if you and a group of friends are wanting to watch a big sports game or just to talk and have fun. The price is a little expensive but they give you a lot of food so its worth it.
The chicken wings that Morty's sells are arguably the best in all of KW. They have a number of different flavours and the wings themselves are much larger than the average. On Mondays and Thursdays Morty's has wing night specials where wings are only $0.59 each.

The service can sometimes be slow, but this could be attributed to the amount of people in the restaurant. During nights, Morty's can get incredibly busy and you can end up waiting for some time for a table.

The only other thing to note is that Morty's does not accept debit cards. Instead, they have an ATM inside the restaurant where you can grab cash from.
Visited Morty's with a pack of hungry girl friends.
Service was blisteringly fast on this wing-special night. Staff was running everywhere.

The wings are indeed one of the best I've had in a long time. And at 59 cents it's hard to get better value for money.
We obviously ordered way more than we could handle. But had a bit of a surprise when we were charged a buck for a take out container.

A little weird, but understandable with an eat-in special.
Well -most definately- visit again!
Great wings.  tons of flavors.  packed on wing nights, but just go at odd hours and you'll be fine.
Good wings and fun atmosphere :)  The rest of the menu is what you'd expect from a college/university pub - but I think most people go here for the wings.
Every time I go to this place I try to forget that the last time I went I thought the wings weren't that great cause everyone seems to love the wings there so they must be good. However, every time I end up thinking why did I eat these wings and why didn't I just order dry cajun. The sauce is too watery and it soaks into the wing breading and the flavors themselves really aren't all that great. The wings aren't horrible, they just aren't as amazing as everyone says they are and for me really the only flavor worth getting is dry cajun. If I am going to go for wings I'd much rather pay a bit more and go for something like wild wings or all star wings in Toronto which have much more flavors to chose from. 

On a side note, the all dressed fries are actually amazing!
Morty's makes the best and biggest wings in the area. They're super cheap on wing night, but you'll wait in line for a while. The staff does a great job keeping on top of things, and the place always seems to be pretty busy. 

Definitely try their wings, even if they're not on special.
Took our youngest back up to Univ of Waterloo and after dropping of his 3 baskets of clean clothes, we took him out for dinner too, to Morty's!

Great nachos, and a fine Beef Hoagie and a Rickards' Red...all served with a great smile from our co-ed waitress. That's what I like about this major Univ town...good food and great service!

And, I had 2 Reds, too...fine place to visit when in town!

:-)

Jim
Morty's is a Waterloo establishment with a former owner having been a City Councillor for a number of years (now I think it's owned by the son).  It's been around for as long as I can remember and a frequent hangout through university with its cheap wings nights and beer (65 cents/each - a bump up recently from 59 cents/each).  

It's what you'd expect of a pub/restaurant, a decent and consistent place.  To be honest, I can't say that I'm much of a wings guy so I've only tried the wings here once - but I have friends who can't stop extolling the wings of this place. If you're a wings fan, I'm guessing you would rate this place 5 stars.  

Ate lunch with a client who is a big fan of this place today.  It's not entirely cheap if you're not going for the specials. I had a large greek salad with chicken + coke and my client had a buffalo wrap + diet coke.  Total came to $33 including tip.  I liked the salad - fresh ingredients and not too heavy on the dressing, the way I like it (though you might want to ask for more dressing on the side).  It was competent and the service was pretty good (though this might have been a function of the fact that it was pretty dead at the time).  

Most of the other times I've been here, it's been crazy busy which is also an issue for finding parking, but I came by at 1pm today (Monday) and it was near empty.  If you do come during the busy times, there's only limited parking in front of the restaurant but quite a bit of parking around the block on the other side of the convenience store.  

As another reviewer noted, they don't accept debit cards but they do have an ATM machine just inside.
The best wings in KW!

The wings are saucy, humungous, delicious and on Monday and Thursday night they are only 69 cents a wing (though they're worth paying full price for).  

They have a great patio, lots of dedicated regulars, and televisions for watching whatever game is on. 

The one downside is that when this place gets busy they won't seat your  party until you've all arrived. Parking is also extremely limited so be prepared to find street parking.

Don't book a party in the basement, it feels like a dirty bungalow basement. You're better off with a large group somewhere else on King St.
I've been here that last few times I was in Waterloo.  It's got beer, big TVs/screens, wings that I swear were grown with HGH, and lots of good looking college gals.  Hard to go wrong really.
OK, I admit it's been 20+ years since I went to school in K/W.

I've put back a lot of wings in a lot of bars around the world since then, but the golden standard that I keep coming back to is Morty's.

Sure, a lot has changed since the Morty himself used to tell stories so long your wings would go cold. But his son (another Jay) has really taken the franchise and run with it. And good on 'em for doing it.

The fact is, the staff bust their asses in this place getting the wings out: fresh, hot and huge. The beer is cold and cheap, and the scenery remains very attractive even if I'm getting too old to admire the fact that Laurier always had the hottest women in all of Ontario.

If you want a night out with the boys, or a hockey game. With big beers and bigger wings, this is your place.
Thursday Wings Night is where it's at!

I also completely agree with the comments listed, their wings are the best in KW, even better than Wild Wing, Crabby Joe's, etc.

Warning though: This place is VERY popular amongst university students, and if you're arriving in game nights, Thursday nights, or weekends you're almost guaranteed a wait.
I probably don't have to say this because every other yelper before me has but the wings here are AMAZING. Best wings in Waterloo for sure, but if you're feeling daring and opt for anything else you're in luck because everything I've ever had here was awesome. If you want to try an app though you have to try the antojitos and/or the pierogies, they are both some of the best I have ever had. 

For me the only downfalls are if you need extra sour cream or extra mustard or something they charge you. That has always been one of my pet peeves, honestly I'm here spending $100.00 on dinner for a group of four and you are going to nickel and dime me over some sour cream...come on. Also my last visit was with my pregnant friend and the trip to the washroom is a long and grueling one for anyone but you add a pregnant woman in the mix that has got to go...she just about fell out the door and down the stairs. 

All in all I would highly recommend Morty's Pub for their Food and their Service.
Wings here are amazing- huge, crispy, saucy- just delicious! My faves are the sweet chili and the buttery hot (my mouth is watering just thinking about them). And the spinach and artichoke dip is sumptuous. I took a star off for the service. It's never been great service- the waitresses are usually rushed and twice they've been outright rude (but that's not a bad ratio considering I've been here over 20 times)!
Not sue why this is priced the same as Sole??? Anyway, love the wings. Pizza is good. Great for eating in or take out.
Great spot to enjoy a pint and watch the game.  The chicken wings are outstanding and they are 1/2 price Monday and Thursday after 5.
Excellent service from the kitchen staff who came out to discuss our allergy concerns and even called up one of their suppliers to confirm the ingredients. And best of all, the food was allegen-free, as promised!
And as a bonus, the burgers were delicious. (and way too big .. I totally over-ate)
Will definitely be returning in the future.
Thursday Wing  and Sunday Burger Special Nights are the things that make Morty's ahead of the pack for the sport bars in Waterloo.

Wings are gargantuan and come in a variety of flavours. The burger is a tasty 10oz with all the fixings. Both specials need the purchase of a drink. 

If you are coming on a Thursday, be sure to come ahead of time. By the time dinner comes, the place will be packed with university students and locals alike. 

Note: They won't seat your group until everyone is present.
Their wings are giant and taste wonderful. The only downside is that its impossible to get a table on wing nights
Morty's used to be a weekly stop in for me before I moved away. As I just moved back I had to check in again. Conveniently it was a Thursday (wing night). 

Atmosphere is wonderful - its still familiar which I like. The menu has changed but I believe the food is still good. They are said to have the best wings in town - I am not a fan of their wings - but if your into wings this is your place. 

I used to love the pizza they had on the menu - sadly its gone. 

Service is unreal (amazing!) - we had probably 5 waitresses throughout the night - one main server - but the others all help each other out - which means you never have to wait for anything. It's fantastic. 

Also if your looking for a patio - Morty's has a good one.
This is a real nice pub. People rave about the chicken wings so we thought we would check it out. The wings were a good size and really well prepared. Not too much breading. But  I was really disappointed with the super suicide sauce though, it wasn't nearly as hot as i was hoping. The sauce aside the service was excellent. We will be back again when we are in the area
great wings
You need to try the huge, delicious wings here. Best wings in town
Wings Wings Wings. Don't order anything else here except the award winning wings, they are THAT good. 

Crispy, crunchy wings without too thick of a batter to make it unbearable - and lots of different flavourings (like sweet chilli lime and dry cajun) to make your mouth water. 

However, I believe the Dry Cajun especially was MSG laden - I could still feel and taste it into dinnertime after lunch - which is probably why it tasted so good. 

We also got a side of soggy fries, so don't bother with that. 

Pizza, was okay - custom toppings, but it will be about $15 for a 12 slice pizza that was mediocre. 

Just stick with some wings and beer and you'll be golden. 

So glad we came here over the empty Shoeless Joes across the street.
Love their wings... they are wonderful!  Dry cajun are to die for.  I used to order take out from here at least twice a month,  HOWEVER... they have drastically increased their prices in the last month.  For the party platter of wings, my total bill used to be $31. It is now $37.     Staff are pretty cagey about it but  I guess the owners feel business is good enough to pass this on.
The best wings in town! Otherwise, this is a good sports bar. Come for the chicken wings!
There was a period when I almost gave up on Morty's. It was around the time when their wings got increasingly humongous and were not only triple-coated in greasy batter but flavorless and dry inside.

It managed to redeem itself this past visit. They are now a bit smaller than before, but then they are a lot more tender and the flavors actually soak into the meat. I prefer the latter despite the guys' complaints about not getting full as quickly. 

Please let this not be a fluke... I don't want the return of the gigantic chicken wings.
I have been going to Morty's since I was a little girl - when Morty actually ran the place and it was a little hole in the wall! You can't go wrong when you're here, this place is amazing. 

Everyone days the wings are good, and they are by far the best I have ever had, but the panzerotti is soooo good. The sauce is outstanding! If you're in the area and have never been, it's a must. If you're not in the area, it's still a must. Morty's is an institution!!!!
The staff! The beers! The wings! Need I say more? Mortys is my go to after sports pub. You will always see a familiar face, always served a cold beer, and always greeted by the welcoming staff. The atmosphere can do no wrong.
As a sports pub, I expected a better beer selection, but the wings here are top notch. The atmosphere is very good with lots of tvs with seemingly every game on. The beer selection was a bit lacking with few craft beers and mostly garden variety lagers. The prices are good though, what you would expect in a college town. The wings are also apparently what they are famous for and the hot wings we tried were delicious. We tried to go back the next day, but as it was wing night, it was too packed to get a table.
Live up to their bragging rights- BEST WINGS IN K/W. The 1 pound order was only 6 wings, but they're huge and did the job. I ordered the wet Cajun, not spicy but very tasty! I got suicide sauce to dip for the heat. Didn't have the fries but they're home cooked and look amazing. Next time!!!  They have lots of screens, and immediately put on the Buffalo Sabres game for me.  Prices are fair, and staff are very nice.
Decent standard pub fare. Service is good I'm always treated well.  Lots of TVs all the different sports all the time.
Wing nights are usually the time I visit Morty's Pub. They have a 69 cent/wing with a purchase of any drink item deal on Monday and Thursday nights. Their service is always fast and friendly. Also, the wings are pretty tasty and big too! One of the biggest chicken wings I have seen (ever). 

I go to Morty's on a regular basis. Their food and service always brings me back.
Great food, great service, great ambience!

If you're in Waterloo, this is a MUST TRY place!
Their wings are one of the best available in Waterloo, their burgers (specials on Sundays) are amazing as well, and surprisingly, even their pizza and panzo are very rich and tasty too! (It doesn't dry up after a day in the fridge!)
Bar selection is pretty standard and generic, but overall, a good night is pretty much guaranteed. 

Not even paid to say this, but - one of my favourite places in Waterloo.
I love Mikey's Eatery!  When a quick steam-table fix is what you need, Mikey's it the ticket.  Sesame Chicken is a favourite, as is the spicy pork.  The lineups can get long, especially during the lunch rush, but the service is quick and the line moves fast.  Lots of places to sit down and eat if you are so inclined.  Mikey, his family and staff have always been great to us when we dine there.  I heartily recommend Mikey's Eatery!
You know I hate most of the Chinese food here in Waterloo but I guess this place is the best one. Good price and edible Chinese food(which is hard to find).
With so many choices at the Waterloo plaza it is difficult to choose one chines restaurant to pick. Mikey's doesn't offer a lot of special food but their sesame chicken is worth going in for.
Pretty standard quick Asian food. Not a really good place for sit down. Mostly for students on the go
As the rating says...meh. I've experienced better.

The environment isn't exactly the best as it seems a bit run down. I feel like I should eat very fast and get out of there, since it's just that bad.

The food is also meh...coming from Markham, almost every single Chinese restaurant I go to there beat this place any day.

Price-wise it's good though, so are the servers. Otherwise...pass.
Mikey's mainly serves Chinese-Canadian fare on steam tables. 

If you want a quick and filling meal that is a bang for your buck, you can't go wrong with their sesame chicken lunch special. 

If you want authentic Chinese food, there are other places that are more worthwhile in the area.
The food is pretty expensive for what it is: generic steam table Chinese food. I would recommend other Chinese food in the plaza less you're in a hurry.
This place is great for some quick North Americanized Chinese food. I highly recommend the sesame chicken, and the curry noodles. Not everything there was delicious (stay away from the ribs). But when I was in first year university I went here probably once a week. It's one of the better places for students to hit up at University Plaza.
Mikey's makes the best sesame chicken you will ever have in your life. (Seriously. I can't explain it properly, but the sauce is of the perfect sweetness with a hint of tang that gets you salivating just from the smell! The chicken is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. It is to DIE for.) Their curry noodles are amazing, their salt and pepper pork is delicious, and if you're a steamed-rice girl like me, they use only the BEST quality rice for perfect fluffy white rice. Mmm! They have vegetarian options and use fresh, good quality ingredients. They also serve HK Style milk tea and lemon tea which is a rare find in Waterloo! Their 'Canadianized' Chinese food is fantastic (for takeout too!) but they also have 'real' Chinese food you can order that is not on the steam table. 

I think the environment is cute and colourful! They have plenty of seating and friendly staff. It's family-run which means the food is more authentic, and the owners actually put soul into the dishes.

Mikey's is probably my favourite restaurant in Waterloo. I recently moved to Toronto, and I can't find a place like it here! I miss it!
best sesame chicken!! I haven't had any 
curry noodles are delicious, so are the regular noodles (with the red sauce on top!)

prices are a bit pricey so i usually just get the chicken.
The more authentic tasting chinese food in university plaza but still white washed. They give you a lot, so its perfect for the university student who wants to get really full for a decent price.
Meh, Mikey's is alright. Hits the spot when you want to grab something quick on the way to campus but the food is pretty thoroughly average. I usually just the two item option and honestly there's not too much to say about it. Panda King around the corner has the same style and the food tastes slightly better and there are a few other Chinese places in the plaza that are better.
I tried the sesame chiken and got food poisoning. Been in bed, having headaches and vomiting all night.
Been eating here for some time now, but I've never been so offended here before. The food was always cheap and decent, and the people working here were nice - but in the past couple of months the food quality (let alone taste) has been going down - undercooked or overcooked - and finally, they've reached their low point today. Being badgered into making a quick decision is not pleasant, nor is being snapped at for every question, nor is the eye-rolling when asked to repeat what they've said. Very offended, very disappointed.
came here many times. 
Big portion size, cheap. Quick.
I like the sesame chicken the most. The chicken were crunchy and tasty (a bit salty). However, if it's the last bits on the food tray, it may be a bit soggy. Best when its first out of the kitchen.
The fried rice was always bland and sometimes soggy. Well you pay what you get.
The curry fried noodle, however, was much better - more flavorful and chewy noodle. just need to add ~$0.60 (or more, cant remember), to change from fried rice to noodle.

Bad thing is that they charge you 50 cent for using credit card. But overall, I'd come back whenever I have to eat at the plaza.
I had the salt and pepper pork. It you are unfamiliar with this delicacy don't try it here, it gives it a bad name. Maybe I just I had too high of an expectation? Anyway the pork was cut into bite sized pieces for whatever reason and just didn't taste or look authentic. 

So I was pretty down. Whats even worse that 85% of my meal was just rice. When I finished the pork I literally had nothing left so It came to a point where i was just eating plain rice. Now normally you would like equally distribute the food items with the rice but there were just so few pieces. I would have been happier with a Panda King meal.

Perhaps I didn't try their best dish, but nothing about the meal is worth a second try and the service wasn't even that friendly. 2/10 Pandas
Went here when I was in Kitchener, Ontario visiting an old buddy from back in the day. Food was decent, wings were breaded, not my preference. Hot though. Pricey for the quality, $15+ for a wings dinner in a little college town.
The wings here are of excellent quality. You have a choice of original (which I prefer) or breaded (which they tell me is the popular choice). 
There are plenty of flavours as well; dry rub, such as west coast, and your usual mild, medium, hot. Then there is sweet Thai. I just mentioned the ones I enjoyed. You can also ask for them sloppy.

The Wings Up is expensive buy worth it for really great wings and courteous service.
Okay, I haven't eaten here in about 2 years, but boy, do I miss those wings.

Their medium sauce was perfect for me, didn't taste like the usualy "Franks Red Hot" but had a tangy-ness to it and it was hot, but not too hot that I couldn't eat them. Yum! I always ordered mine breaded and extra sloppy. I love the veggies and ranch they would give.

They are a bit pricey but trust me, it's worth it!
Love the wings - tried several of the hotter flavors.
In Kitchener on biz?? Don't want to eat at Outback? Moose Winooski's has pretty good wings and plenty to see on the bar's 20 or so TVs. Decent spot if you find yourself Kitchener.
Seriously, brutal! I have been to the Moose a million times and liked it before, but they had a renovation there and I am not sure what the deal is...

We went to the Moose for a Surprise Birthday party for our buddy David who lives in KW. The reservation was for 7:00PM. We drove from Toronto and arrived, and the three super young hostesses were wearing headsets and all standing and talking behind the little hostess counter. We arrived at 6:45PM, and I approached the ladies, mentioned we are here for the Martinell reservation, David's Birthday. All Three of them same time snappily answered  "your table isn't ready yet"  I said is it okay if we go have a drink in the bar, they told me that was fine. They used to be really friendly when you arrived early, and if your table wasn't ready they would offer you a seat and drinks in the bar, I liked that.  The young ladies realized right away they were snappy so they all over-smiled at me and pointed over to the bar... At the bar who did we find... 6 more of the 10 people party (now were just missing the birthday boy and his brother)

time passes, 3 drinks later it is 7:25, Mark the brother is now stalling somewhere, were texting him, and these girls are hanging around at the front, seating other people, and pretty much having the best time ever! So I reproached and said our reservation was for 7:00, its nearly 7:30, when will we be seated... the answer... "Your table isn't ready yet"  David and Mark Arrive, NO SURPRISE... Surprise destroyed. We wait in the bar some more...

we explain what the plan was to David but that the table wasn't ready. Kind of a ruin-er to the birthday surprise, we get seated at nearly 8:00PM. 

Everyone was starving by now and pretty drunk and everyone had too many peanuts. (they have complimentary peanuts in the bar which is cool. )

We all order drinks, they came correctly and fast, ultra fast. The Server was this funny guy, shaved head, really cool. We also had another server helping (big table) and she was lovely! 

the Birthday Boys Brother ordered a Burger with Cheese, Taite and I for lack of Vegan Options ordered Fish and Chips... and everyone else ordered whatever. 

It's a bar in KW I don't expect them to have a Vegan Option. We always make due, this place was always great before.

We all pretty much got our food at the same time, the whole table except Mark and I... (Birthday Boy's Brother) Mark and I were sitting beside each other so we at least could chat while everyone else ate. 6 or 7 minutes passed and I hailed our waiter politely and asked about our food. He said he will check right now. He returns and said "your fish is on the way out, they had to take some out" and as for Mark this is what they told him "Your Burger fell on the floor on the way out here, so they are pushing one out  for you now," We waited maybe 4-5 minutes and my fish and Mark's Burger came out at the same time.  My fish was steaming weird, and Mark picked up his burger and it all fell out of the bun, broken up and really over peppered as if they picked it up off the floor and returned it to the bun after a fast re-spice and re-grill. 

I asked the lovely ladies working the front door if they could get a manager to come speak to me. Mark was MORTIFIED about the floor burger !!! I cut into my fish at that moment and realized it was weird steaming because it was frozen in the middle... 
SICK! 

Anyway, Mark, a Manager himself explained that he didn't want this floor burger, which the moose manager agreed was unacceptable but told Mark there was no way it was the floor burger... It was totally the floor burger it was like mince meat pieces all over his bun... the thing looked dirty, and who serves a burger broken into 7 or 8  pieces. 

I mentioned my fish, which was already very late was very frozen to our server, not the manager, and he took it away.  I was still charged, the fish never returned. Though the food was very late and not eaten. 

Mark made out better, he's more authoritative and  managerial than I am, he got a gift card, his burger was not charged but he was made to pay for his drinks, and his side gravy (strange) he also paid for David the birthday boys' meal. 

They gave David a pie in the face which was fun, but besides our friendly server and the pie in the face this was a crapshoot visit to a usually decent place. I was EXTREMELY bothered that this visit wasn't handled with some more courtesy and care. It was nice they gave Mark a gift card, he definitely deserved it after the floor burger and late seating but Taite and I left there, went to Mark's house and ate mounds of chips to fill the gap. We played pool and rocked out so the birthday ended up still being fun! 

Sad Night. I used to love you so much Moose Winooski's... I hope your renovation didn't turn you into something different, I liked your old gig. Hot Food, Quality Service and no excuses. 

I hope I am contacted regarding this experience because it is still bothering.
The new Moose Winooski's is not nearly as good as the old one! They sucked the life right out of it. It's no longer fun and exciting. They still have the wheel but its just not the same. 
The wheel is used on birthdays/special occasions. The birthday person spins the wheel which has different options (Pie in the face, free desert, etc.)
They changed the menus as well - it is more expensive now. The food is good but they lost the old feel. 
There is nothing that really make this location different, its just a meh. 
If you're just looking for food, nothing special, this is your place.
Not to fond of buffalo chicken and related.  I do not go do bars that much.  This was perhaps okay.
This was my first time here, but a coworker recommended it.  Great food and cute atmosphere. I had the buffalo fingers with fries which was more than enough to fill me up for lunch. The only downside is that the service was very slow, which could've been due to the fact that there were several large parties in the restaurant. Overall though, nice place. They even have a patio for outside dining.
I used to go to University in the KW area and I recall visiting Moose when I first moved up in 2004 and wasn't overly impressed. Fast forward to 2013 and I still go back to KW to visit a couple of friends who've stayed behind for work and after hearing about how amazing it now was since the renovation (and that it was playoffs and we wanted to watch the leaf game) our group ventured over.

If you couldn't guess by the name this place has traditional Canadiana written all over it. Designed like the best cabin style cottage you've ever been to in the Muskoka or Kawartha area, it's basically every Canadian stereotype you could hope for in one central location!

They have a really great patio complete with a huge center bar, plenty of televisions and even little fire pits throughout + bar area has over 30 televisions! Sadly, as it was the first time the Leafs had made the playoffs in 9 years the popular spots were packed and my group of 10 was relegated to a table in the main dining room.

We ordered a variety of menu items, but most notably we shared an order of their apparently famous chicken wings. For my entree I asked for the ribs. The wings weren't the best I've ever had but not the worst either (3 star), the ribs were pretty good (again nothing ventured, nothing lost).

Earned this place a 4th star was their birthday traditions which we bestowed upon one of our more conservative buddies whose birthday was a mere few days away at this point. After speaking to the host on a trip to the "bathroom" we orchestrated a stellar prank which involved a moose antler helmet, and a birthday song which then promptly ended with a whipped cream pie in the face via sneak attack! People from all over the restaurant had watched this happen and folks were chuckling about it even as we were leaving!

Full points on decor, theme, layout and staff, Food could be a touch better in my opinion, however I would definitely visit this place when you're in the Kitchener area!
Had a Burger and salad.   Bun was stale tasting.  Salad had more cabbage than lettuce and served in a tiny bowl.  I was not impressed.  I will have to try something else next time.   Very noisy inside, so if that bothers you...
We heard of this from a guy at a B&B. The exterior was really nice, by the outlet mall in Kitchener. Food was really good, especially the steak sandwich. Drinks portion was huge, well priced, and the most important part, taste good!! Make sure you try the vanilla milk shake!! Yummy!!!
I spent 10 days in Kitchener on business, and this place was right across the street from my hotel.  I had dinner there several nights.  The first night I arrived late (11 pm) and there were still lots of customers.  I found a good IPA and had fish and chips -- 4 stars.  The second time I had the nachos.  The order was huge and good, but needed jalapeños and guacamole -- 3 stars.  Third night I had a prime rib burger.  Good but not great , overcooked and dry-- 2 stars.

So why do I rate it 4 stars?  Good service, good atmosphere, and a great beer selection!
Very nice servers ! Comfy chairs by the fireplace ! Came on a Tuesday night (11pm) not busy - but still open ! :) Got the caesar salad - very yummy ! Only issue - Not great vegetarian options. Great spot though.
Uninspired food.  Took my son there for his 8th birthday. The food was, at best, bland. The schnitzel my wife had was dry and unseasoned, the hamburger my son had was dry as well. The poutine was ok, but over all the whole experience was quite disappointing.
Stopped in for dinner tonight and it was good, just not amazing.  I had a soup and an appetizer and the food arrived in a timely manner and the server was friendly (but does Canada not have unsweetened iced tea anywhere?). The food was tasty, but nothing special. Overall it was a nice dinner.
I wasn't sure what sort of beer/cider/mixed drink to get, so I asked for a drink menu. The bartender informed me, between sips of her own drink, that they don't have any drink menus due to the fact that they're getting new ones. I don't know why they wouldn't keep the old ones until the new ones were ready, but apparently Moose Winooski's, which is in large part a BAR, has been without a drink menu for some time.

My husband got a couple beers on tap, and I got a vodka soda. My drink was fine, but my husband was feeling sick before we left, and I didn't feel great after having a few sips of his beer. I obviously can't say with certainty that it was due to the beer, but it did make me feel concerned. The service from our waiter was good, and there were no issues with the food, so I'm giving two stars for that.

The weirdest thing about all of this was that two days after our visit, I got a social media connection request from a senior member of the staff. As I was the person who paid, I can only assume that this staff member took my name from the credit card receipts and then looked me up. I think this is inappropriate.
Great atmosphere, only
Reason not a 5 because they forgot my order when in a group.
I love going into the Casey's on Ottawa street, it is so convenient after a day of shopping at the Sunrise Plaza. The food is so consistant, it is always hot and fresh. I have yet to have something on their menu that I did not like. The only negative thing I can say is I have had very bad luck there with servers, they never seem to come check on us mid-way through the meal but that could just be my bad luck. Other then that they have great food, they are quick, affordable and have a great atmosphere. I would always recommend Casey's on Ottawa Street.
First time here, service was very very slow. An my veggie burger was tasteless and dryer then the desert!  The table was sticky and the table behind us the girl was screaming the whole time.After the meal our receipt was given. And then we waited 25 Min's for her to come back for us to leave.  Would I go back. No.  Would I recommend?  No. I'll stick with Montana's.
During an evening out for a family dinner in Waterloo, my sister mentioned a place that she was curious about... Oliver & Bonacini is what it was called and I was like "Who?!" I've never personally heard of it before, so immediately I was all in!! The moment I walked in, I was a fan. The low down of this instant favorite of mine is that it is affiliated with a number of renowned restaurants: Canoe, Biff's Bistro, Auberge Du Pommier and Jump. The food was great, with never before seen combination's of ingredients on my part. Along with a large variety of wines.. a go-getter or trend-setter place to go and enjoy for an evening with that special someone or with family and friends. I highly recommend trying this place if you are into new and exciting foods and flavors!

To sum up my experience in one line: "This is fine dining gone main stream..!!"

Bon Appetit!!
FANTASTIC FOOD! My all time favourite restaurant in KW. Great Italian style food. Wide variety of food and huge selection of wines.
Had a very nice dinner there.  Good service and liked the decor.  Liked the 9 oz glass of wine.
I went there for brunch with a friend one weekend and it was amazing.My friend was late so I went in and got a table first. The service was great, very friendly and polite. The hostess brought me to a table and asked me for my friend's name so she can bring her in when she gets here. Everything on their brunch menu was tempting. The setting was beautifully decorated too, modern classy. My friend ordered a crepe which wraps spinach, smoked ham, and hollandaise sauce with two poached eggs on top and lots of mushroom and salad surrounding it. I got a bite of hers and both of us loved it. Got to love the plate I got too. I got the eggs n' lox (I think that's the name of it, don't remember exactly). It was smoked salmon, asparagus, and scrambled eggs laid on top of a delicious piece of brioche. Everything goes together so well. The price of the dishes weren't bad either. It was around $13 for my dish, which is pretty good considering its great quality, service, and atmosphere.
I don't really know why O&B has a restaurant in Waterloo, but I'm certainly happy about it.

Food: Overall, it was quite good. I enjoyed the sliders, which were very cute. However, the pasta special fell short of my expectations. The calamari didn't taste very good, and the sauce was overly oily. We ended off the meal on a sweet note with the panna cotta. It was good, but nothing mind blowing.

Service: our server was very nice and friendly. No complaints here.

Verdict: I would definitely go back when I'm in Waterloo. Maybe next time I'd come for lunch or brunch.
Mediocore food in general for the price they're asking. The shrimp tempura turned out to be popcorn shrimp. I couldn't taste the lamb burger I ordered as it was just smothered in really heavy goat cheese. The pasta and pizza is OK. In general I felt kind of cheated weighing in the food quality and price.
I have to say, I was disappointed at the service that I received on this particular visit. We had to stand at the door for several minutes before anyone came out to greet us. Although it was a slow Monday evening, it's not an excuse to not have anyone at the door. Then I had to personally ask for bread because they didn't give us any. 

The food was fine. My fire roasted baby back ribs were satisfying enough, although I really didn't care for the jalapeño cornbread pudding. The flavour and texture were just weird. The Beer Battered Haddock was delicious, but the accompanying fries were overly salty.

I don't think I will be coming back anytime soon, given that there are other options in the area.
I don't get it.  I just don't get it.  Yes, it's beautiful, yes it's a classy joint-'loo has not seen anything like it.  But the food just ain't great-it just ain't.  I've been for brunch, lunch and dinner in 'loo and in Toronto and across the board I just found the food okay.  

Mushroom soup (the one without cream/butter-that should have been my hint-duh) was just...pureed mushrooms.  I think the texture could have been smoother, instead I ended up chewing my soup.  Had the waffles once. Tasted kind of like...Denny's.  Mac 'n Cheese-not very cheesy.  Had the chicken panini which wasn't too bad.  It could be re-orderable.  

I wish I had the one dish that really made my insides smile, but I haven't experienced it yet.  Maybe one day.  Until then, I'll keep scratching my head wondering why people are 5 starring this place...
The food here is pretty good. I love the wasabi tempura shrimp appetizer. The mushroom soup is very rich. 

The washrooms are designed with a contemporary style, very nice.
Pretty good, but now closed permanently. Apparently they couldn't get enough customers to sustain themselves.
It was an Italian restaurant, now it is more of a "grill". I don't think the food is spectacular but I have gone back to eat there. In my mind, Waterloo isn't an eating out town. 

Oliver & Bonacini is located in the Conestoga Mall, across the street from the Destination Inn. And, therefore, very convenient. Both times we ate there, we walked over for dinner. 

I really enjoyed the Cesar salad both times - maybe I'll make a meal of it if I go back. I had the spaghetti and meatballs the first time and a hamburger the second. Neither dish is something I typically have when eating out but they were both fine.
Billing itself as the "World's Largest" East Side Mario's, this location is the largest I've been at taking up two large floors plus bar with patio in the summers.  I think this place has been here for over 10 years.  I prefer this location in Waterloo over the one at University Plaza that often gets a little uncomfortably busy and loud during meal times.  

Both locations are popular haunts of local university students and I had lunch here yesterday with clients and a colleague.  I had the Trio - which is unlimited soup (I had the Italian Wedding), salad (garden or caesar) and bread for $7.99 - of course the softdrinks while bottomless are something like $2.99 pre-tax/tip - but that's almost par for grill/bar places like this.  We had a late lunch at around 2 pm and it was pretty much dead in the bar area. One of the main reasons this place is popular particularly with the students is that they/we'd have unlimited soup or salad with their dinner portion meals - so what they/we'd do was eat a few rounds of salad then take home on the actual meal itself.  Dinner portions now cost around $12-16 pre-tax and tip.  Oh the memories.  

Of course, it's not nearly as cheap as it used to be, but the meals are still reasonable for the area and what you get.  It's probably about as authentically Italian as say McDonald's pizza, but the ingredients are generally fresh, though prepared with the efficiency and bulk of a cafeteria (and it often looks that way too).
Terrible. Avoid this crappy food. The service was a little on the creepy attentive side. The meal was overpriced, the salad overdressed, the penne under seasoned, and the theme overblown. I hope to never set foot in this lousy chain again.
Oh god, people, please don't eat here. You deserve better than bland, gloppy pasta and pre-frozen bread smeared with margarine. I ate at this location when I was young and dumb, and my reward was a live, mid-sized cockroach in my salad. The manager kindly comped our desserts, though I can't say my appetite was really raring to go after that.
Each time I visit Canada, I make sure to stop at an East Side Mario's. Sure, it's a chain that mimics The States' Olive Garden, but there's something about the food here that keeps me coming back. Maybe it's tradition, maybe it's memories of food with friends; none-the-less I stopped by this location on my recent visit.

The King Street restaurant is the largest East Side Mario's in existence. It's a massive, stand alone building with a generous seating room and a bar room the size of a normal restaurant. There is also patio dining for the warmer months. 

The Italian Wedding Soup hits the spot, and is a must-have with any order. Along with the fresh loaves of garlic bread, the soup is unlimited. I've tried a few different mains and the simply noodle dishes are the best. A spaghetti with red sauce or linguini primavera are hearty and and outshine the complex entrees. 

This time, I ordered the Baked Spinach Ricotta Milanese. It arrived scalding hot, yet the pasta still seemed floury and undercooked. The sauce was delicious, but I think I'll stick with noodles for here on out.

Price per person: $18.00
I have been to several East Side Mario's restaurants in different cities over the past nearly 20 years. This review will no doubt be largely influenced by my nostalgic recollection of what used to be.

Tonight my buddy and I dropped into this location for a beer and a plate of nachos. Pretty simple stuff.

We split a pitcher of Rolling Rock. The beer tasted watered down. Both draft glasses were chipped. It took 25 minutes + for the nachos to arrive and they were nothing special. Blob on some salsa (not the good salsa, the cheap out of a jar of no name brand type methinks). Throw on the shredded cheese, some green onions, some olives call it $12. The chips were not stale, but they were not fresh either. 80% of them were not crispy, they were soggy. All in all the nachos were pretty lame.

The server, when he was around would drop by and ask how things were. Mediocre wasn't a clue word for him and he was happy to carry on. We next saw him eating lunch at the bar. It seemed odd to me that employees ate in the dining area guests were in, but this isn't the Royal York so okay... next we saw a cook eating in the dining room as well. Apparently this is normal here. 

The whole time out waiter was on break we just sat there with a pile of soggy nachos and empty beer glasses. Finally we were allowed to pay so we could leave. 

I have been to this location before. My wife got raw chicken on her nachos. We have never had a 'good' meal here and average is about what you can hope for.

It is unfortunate because I recall ESM's past glory where there were peanuts all over the place, the food was good quality, there was service etc.

I really doubt this chain will exist in 10 years given their current direction. I have been to other locations and I think the whole franchise is circling the drain.

If you are looking for a beer and nachos I would suggest several other nearby locations before ESM. In no order, Ethel's lounge, Morty's pub or the Duke of Wellington.

Good luck.
Welcome to the Canadian version of the Olive Garden. It's as mediocre as it gets. I thought that I would give them another try with my girlfriend today for a Sunday lunch. Server was attentive 1 star for that. 1 star for the atmosphere and 1 star for cleanliness. The food is alright....nothing special. I had the baked penne Alfredo and it tasted decent..not as flavourful as you would expect it to be. We then shared a bruschetta pizza and again decent but blander than expected. I would definitely come back but in no way would I go out of my way to do so. It's that "once a year" type of place or if you are in the area for it.
First and foremost, this is a Firkin. So, you know you're going to have lots of beers on tap, good bar, good food (albeit deep fried and grilled all around), and nice surroundings. The Firkin at the Tannery exceeds Firkin standards. On top of the Firkin basics, because it's in the Tannery it had soaring ceilings, which really opened things up without making it feel cavernous and echoey.

I went here for Family Day with my parents who were visiting from out of town. We needed a place to go, hang out, catch up, and just have a good time. Our server Steve let us take our time, he joked around with us (called Guinness vitamin G, which made my father's night), and took good care of us.

We kicked off our night with a round of beers (Sam Adams Winter Ale, Vitamin G, Creemore Pils) and a couple of apps (Big Poutine and Irish Nachos). Beers were the right temperature, and the appetizers were certainly tasty. It seemed like the Irish Nachos sat in the window a little too long, but it didn't hurt how delicious they were (waffle fries, cheese, bacon, green onions). The real appetizer magic was in the Big Poutine. The gravy was real gravy, the cheese were real curds, and THERE WAS MEAT IN IT TOO! Just delicious. Lots of potatoes in that course, but we managed to eat dinner, too.

Our mains consisted of the Big Firkin Everything Burger (I can't remember the real name) which has the menu on it (fried egg, onion rings, deep fried pickles, plus the usual toppings) for Dad and I, and Mom went for the the winter specials, and had the stew (Chicken and Sausage). The burgers were better (in my opinion), but apparently  the stew was also quite delicious. No one was disappointed. Well, except for my disappointment that I couldn't finish my fries because I was so stuffed.

We washed it all down with some coffee. It's just regular coffee. If you want fancy stuff, go to Balzac's (it's basically next door).

All in all, no significant complaints. It's a pub, it's a Firkin, and it delivers.
Went on wings night. Over priced! 1 pound was only six small wings. They were dry and my friends were slightly under cooked. Can't  recommend !
AMAZING APPETIZERS.
I was shocked by how food they were.
The rest was just okay. 
They present the food nicely, which makes it interesting and fun, but the food is never anything special. 
I like the restaurant though, go for the brisetta!
I threw up after eating here. Very unpleasant.
I went there with my sister and brother in-law. I ordered the turkey avocado club. The bread was amazing! The turkey was way too dry and there was way too much guacamole on it and it kind of overpowered everything. It was good, though. And the bread was so tasty it made up for it. My sister ordered some spicy wrap thing that was way too spicy and sweet potato fries, which did not come with the aoli mayo that it was supposed to have with it (she had to ask for it a few times). My bro in-law had the bison meatloaf and said it was ok, but a little dry. The servers were very nice and attentive and the atmosphere was good, so I would go there again.
Favourite place to eat. Everything is very fresh. I will come back again and again
You would think You couldn't mess up wings and beer?  10 of us went for Wings on a Monday night.  We were the only customers they had at 9 pm in the evening.  It took 45 minutes to get 7lbs of wings and 3 orders of nachos.  Did I mention that we were the only customers there?  Once the food arrived it was apparent that half the order sat getting cold while the rest of the order was cooking.  They could have brought it out in two different servings.  The wings were 1/2 mild and 1/2 medium which we couldn't taste the difference. They were dry and unseasoned.   The nachos were dry, with not too many toppings and cold.  Too bad because we used to come here at least once a month.
Just so you know, we travel constantly for business and have been patrons at some of the best restaurants across North America. That being said, we are often more critical because we have seen some of the best and some of the worst. Either way, it has been fun!


Wow! We were walking down King st with no destination for dinner other than check out the local cute restaurants. We went into King street Trio to check out the menu and could have not been more welcomed by Andrew.  Holidays (in this case Family Day) often are slow in higher end restaurants. We have found in our travels across America  and Canada for business that  for whatever reason these restaurants hosts take out the slow day on walk-in traffic making you wish you never walked in because you did not have a reservation or know the secret handshake.

Not here! Andrew asked us if we had a reservation, when we replied in the negative he immediately went into action telling us to pick any table we liked. He didn't just sit us and take off, he spent a few minutes acquainting us with the menu and drink menu.

Our server Ashley was really great. Again, sometimes on a slow night you will get a server that mentally takes the night off and you constantly have to wave them down or they are practically sitting on the table because they are bored. Ashley was neither, she was on top of her game. 

Andrew came to our table to see how we were doing and we mentioned how much we liked the decor and the menu he showed us a recent favorable review (which raved about my meal & I concur). He was incredibly informative about the other restaurants within the umbrella of Trio, and explained the differences in menus to us.

My chicka is an odd gal, she is crazy friendly and chatty. Though show her a dirty restaurant bathroom & she wants us to pay for drinks and move on. She is a big believer in details, and if a restaurant cannot be bothered to keep a bathroom reasonably clean or soap filled... we are gone. Trio... was immaculate. 

I  had the Porcini Chicken Supreme. It was incredible. The Chicken was well cooked and tender but not over cooked by being stuffed. The stuffing of cheese and mushrooms was just enough yet not overwhelming or lacking.

My Chicka had the Pickeral which as Ashley described was a stronger tasting Tilapia. It was incredible! My chicka wondered why this native of the great lake's is not used more. A Google search turned up that this fish has smaller bones which can lead to trouble deboning. This just adds to our love for Trio, they take the time work with difficult fish for excellent results.

As we enjoyed the atmosphere &  finished our wine Andrew informed us that being travelers dessert was on the house. WoW!!!!!!!!!!!! Please order the desserts, their dessert chef is amazing!!!!!!!!!! To make it even more incredible, Ashley brought out some candied Almonds. Little did Ashley know that my Chicka packs a snack bag of mixed nuts for me to snack on... my chicka was not shy to let her know & laugh at how Ashley was now my new nut supply.


So we were finishing up and signing the check, Ashley brought out more candied Almonds because I must of had huge eyes and my Chicka made fun of my love of nuts. Seriously.... how nice!!

Between Andrew and Ashley we wish that the owners open up a Trio  in Chicago's River North so we can have an awesome restaurant that is i walking distance.
The new location is elegant and pleasing to look at, but I found the menu to be rather pedestrian, and the execution to be equally uninspiring. Don't get me wrong, the food goes down fine, whether it be your Walnut Crusted Camambert or Calamari Flowers appetizers, or your Papardelle or Lamb!

The issue is more around finer details. A request for rare meat came out as medium. The pasta was too saucy and under spiced with chicken that could have used better marination.

Wine selection was also drab, though we did manage to find a fairly good Pinot from Rodney Strong Estates in California. We asked for a decanter and received "nicer" glasses as well. I found that odd, as if unless you ask, you don't get the quality glassware! Note on the wine: it definitely opens up nicely.

The service was average yet friendly. We were at one point told that we may need to vacate our table prior to the second seating, and I found that to be unnecessary. Otherwise, good enough.

Given it's Waterloo, I'd say I'd likely try this place again in the future to see if my first impressions were accurate or misguided. Try for yourself as well.
It pains me to give King Street Trio's Uptown location 4 stars instead of 5.  It really does.  I've been to the two previous incarnations of this restaurant (when it was Downtown in Kitchener and when it was on University in Waterloo) and although I was excited to come for dinner with my wife to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary, I have to say in the end I was a bit disappointed... because the details matter.

We were the first customers in the restaurant for the evening for dinner.  We had made our reservations on OpenTable and we made a change from Saturday to Friday night due to a change in my family's plans.  The change was easily made on my iPhone app and we had no issues with the reservations.

The restaurant, however, was quite cold when we arrived (although it did get warmer as the evening went on and there were more customers), and the window seat the the coldest of all.  We really liked the idea of a window seat so that we could look across at the skating in the public square, but in the end, the seats closest to the window were just too cold.  After that, it took some time to get service.  Our server seemed distracted, even though for the nearly the first half hour we were there, the restaurant was completely empty of customers besides ourselves.

The food was great.  For starers, we ordered the Seared Sea Scallops to share and my wife had a salad while I had the chicken chowder.  All the appetizers came at once.  For our mains, my wife ordered the Chicken Alfredo and I ordered the Earth and Ocean.  I got my dish, and my wife had the wrong order.  No apology was given, just a "that doesn't look like the Alfredo" and it was scurried away.  After waiting for a few awkward minutes, I eventually started my meal first (my wife insisted, since it was cold in the restaurant and she didn't want my food to get cold).  I was mostly done my entree by the time the Alfredo appeared.  Again, no apology for the mix-up, and the server was off again.  We did split a Chocolate Mousse Cake for dessert, and it was delicious.

However, I take this time to note that I was more impressed at the dishes I received at the King Crab Oyster Bar and Grill (sister restaurant to King Street Trio).  To be fair, if I was to give King Crab 5 stars, then King Street Trio would only get four stars.  I thought that the food, although it was great, it did not taste as good as the food at the sister restaurant.  Again, the small details make the difference.

The restaurant is beautiful, a century-old building that has been spectacularly renovated.  And it is a shame because I think it could be a 5-star place, if there was only a bit more attention to the details.
Ack!  Watch the Uptown Parkade nearby.  Parking is convenient to the restaurant but you MUST PAY.   Perhaps this is known to locals but it wasn't at all clear to me (no gate, no booth, no signage I could find) and they DO write tickets.  Anyway, regarding the restaurant, I went there with a group of 9 and we were well treated.  Loved the seafood-heavy menu.  I had a pickerel dish because I had no idea what it was; if you don't know your pickerel I would skip it - not the restaurant's fault, I am just not a foodie.  Service was attentive.  Great location at the town square area.  Nice job folks.
Food was great! Shared the phyllo wrapped brie, which tasted exactly as good as cheese and bread sounds. As a vegetarian, the mushroom risotto was delicious and my boyfriend loved his stealhead trout. 4 stars because, while our waitress was friendly, she was a bit pushy (even while apologizing for seeming pushy..). Ended up getting two desserts at her insistence (after turning down the idea of two appetizers), but found one was more than enough to share. We got the white chocolate torte and chocolate mousse cake - both yummy, but we struggled a little to get through them. Had to tell her we didn't want coffee after the dessert.. 

Overall, great place, nice atmosphere and I'd go back if there was another meatless entree.
I'm glad this restaurant was brought to my attention. I hadn't noticed it tucked in right beside the train tracks in Uptown Waterloo.

We had a fairly large group (11) on a Wednesday night. We had reservations for 15 but had a few no shows. The staff were very accommodating and didn't pressure us to order since we were waiting a little longer in case the others showed up.

I must say there were not many vegetarian options on the dinner menu, which I expected, given it's a steakhouse. Thankfully, their one vegetarian entree was Red Beet Risotto, served with wilted baby spinach and manchego cheese. I was fairly keen on trying this and I wasn't disappointed. Everything in the dish went so well together.

One funny remark was that since it was snowy outside, immediately when we walled in the door, the manager came up to us and politely told us to try *really hard" to dry our feet on the mat. He was very concerned about people slipping on wet floors. He did this with every other guest who came in as well.

The same man also reassured us when it seemed as if a tiny earthquake was happening, "don't worry it's only the train."

Overall I was very happy with this restaurant and would gladly come here again with my carnivorous friends.
First, off, I went on a Sunday night and the place was completely deserted. Besides my table of 5, there were 2 other tables of 2. This is never a good sign, plus it created a really depressing atmosphere. For the second half of our meal, I could see the chefs chatting the whole time, because they had nothing else to cook. 

We all had steaks, and they were average: not really worth the high price tag. I ordered mine medium rare, and it can out medium-well, and lukewarm. At this price point, the wine selection was really lacking as well - they only had around 4 wines suitable to eat with red meat. 

The food would have been reasonable at around half the price, but the atmosphere alone ensures that I will not be returning.
We spent a night (good Friday in Waterloo) and had no idea where to eat. Found this restaurant on Yelp and gave it a try.
It was fairly quiet (maybe half full) but still noisy which would lead me to believe it would be very noisy if full. A consequence of the decor I would guess.
I had a nice steak and Jo the pickeral and both were very good. The waitress (Alex) was very attentive.
Overall it didn't blow us away but was a very nice meal.
After reading the reviews and complaints about noise levels, we thought about not coming out to the Trio but it is within walking distance for us so we asked for a late reservation.  We were very pleased with the service.  The ambiance is beautiful.  Can't believe this place used to be the independent card shop.  We highly recommend the trout w/spinach and potatoes.  And no ... it was not that noisy ... on Saturday evening after 7 pm.
The new hidden gem in Waterloo!  Amazing food at reasonable prices.  I tried the pulled pork sandwich and was impressed with the unique flavour...the pork was smoked well, the sauce tasty with pieces of salty crispy bacon topped with great coleslaw on a great bun.  Home cut fries with more pulled pork, cheese curds and gravey made up smoked meat poutine.  I shared a beaver tail for dessert, you have to try it, hard to describe, yummy!   All the food that came out of the kitchen looked great.  I will return to try a few more dishes, if I can resist ordering the pulled pork again.
The chef/owners were very interactive with the customers and checked in with each table and also offered up suggestions for my next visit - I was promised that the baked hot dog was a life changer, sounds like a challenge I may have to take.  I was impressed with the sincerity offered by the one owner as he thanked us for coming in and hoped that we would return again.  This is the kind of establishment I like to support in the community.
Delicious pulled pork, and amazingly fantastic fries.  The bun on the pulled pork sandwich was a bit small to fit all the meat, but was just the right balance of fluffy without falling apart.  You can tell great care's been put into the details with the food.

I should mention that the current location on the Yelp map is incorrect.  The restaurant is up by the St. Jacob's, at the west end of  Farmer's Market Rd. at the northern King/Weber intersection (not near the southern King/Weber intersection)
The staff is very friendly and offers a lot of helpful recommendations. They have a very easy and accessible menu. My sister and I had plenty of vegetarian options available to us, and the meat dishes looked great too. We ordered a chicken sandwich for a friend to take out, and found out that it came with a bacon topping and this wasn't listed in the menu. Be sure to ask them what extra ingredients come with your meal.
Amazing food! Try the baked hot dog, its the best damn hot dog I have ever had!
Fantastic food! It's all your favouries with a twist! Best Restaurant pulled pork ever! It is covered with a great cajun coleslaw! Just fantastic! You will be a regular too!
The staff was very friendly.  The food was good.  I had the classic poutine,  and somehow got a rib/pulled pork poutine.  Sent it back and got a classic.   It was a good poutine, a little less gravy and salt and it would have been better.   My girlfriend got the pulled pork because of the reviews left on here.    She said it was good, But not nearly as great as people were proclaiming.   The ambience is terrible.  It echos like mad so you find people constantly trying to talk over each other and it just gets louder, and louder, and louder.   And the seating is very uncomfortable.  I'm 6'4".  And those captains chairs are not made for big dudes.   If I were to go back it would be "to go".  I like to be comfortable while dining.
First time to try Pootine and The Crazy Canuck exceeded my wildest hopes. Just trust the dude behind the counter and he will take care of you. I had Smoked Meat. Oh, the curds :) 

The atmosphere is also very Canadian cool. Don't expect anything fancy and don't trust your GPS, but this place is awesome. 

Oh, and don't miss the Snow Shoe for desert. It's a deconstructed jelly donut with ice cream on top.
Amazing pulled pork sandwich! The meat was charred and tasted just right. The sides are huge portions. The poutine was pretty tasty but not enough cheese! More cheese and it's just right.
Burgers are great. Daily specials are varied and tasty. I get lunch here often. Recommend their burger special or quesadilla with good old poutine!
Go here! Now! I travel to the Ontario area often, and I'll tell you for a Kentucky boy, the food leaves a lot to be desired. But this place is really good! Great food at a great price. Some indoor tables and spacious covered outdoor area.
This is easily my favourite Harvey's branch in Waterloo Region. The burger is consistently fresh, the onion rings actually have onions in it.

However, what especially separates this from other branches is the manager occasionally goes around every single desk and will ask you in person if the order is okay, and if you mention something wrong he WILL replace that portion of the meal without charge! Now THAT'S what I call customer service.

UW and Laurier students, forget about your Harveys on campus/in the plaza, come to this one and you won't be disappointed!
Normally I wouldn't review a Fast Food Chain like this but there is something about this location that is just awesome. Every time I walk in the door I am made to feel very welcome, which is nice. I often order a quick lunch and don't get myself a drink, every single time they ask me if I would like a complimentary water which I just think is so nice. I never accept as I usually have my own water with me but I just feel that's going above and beyond for a fast food chain. Much like the previous reviewer I have been asked many times when I'm eating in if I am enjoying my meal and if there is anything they can get for me. I don't usually get service this good a restaurants where the wait staff is depending on tips for god sakes. I have also used the drive-thru which is always fast, friendly and efficient. I would highly recommend this Harveys Location above all others.
Stop here usually after going to the St. Jacob's market. As noted elsewhere, fast food is fast food, but the manager and staff make you take notice with their service. Very good, exceptional for this type of place. Especially since it's always busy there when we go. Great at the counter, and the manager comes around sometimes and asks how things are. Really unexpected.
Love the burgers and poutine
The great service, great food, and great bar are only surpassed by the best all-weather (covered and heated) patio in KW!  You can even catch some rays while you watch the game, because they have TVs on the patio too. A nice bonus!

For food, definitely have the pot-stickers for starters, and you can't beat their steaks for dinner... and good luck picking a dessert that's NOT a great choice for an ending (my wife loves the white chocolate brownie).

It's even a hit for a family dinner... There's lots of choice for the rug-rats, and my kids rave about the "volcano sunday" dessert.
Best pasta dishes in  KW. The people there  try hard so have patience. Wine list is dreadful. All in all one of the better places in he area
Awesome food!   Awesome Service! Awesome atmosphere!  I will be returning.
Great service from Allegra.  Had the grilled Fish Tacos and it was perfect for lunch!
My wife and I returned to Moxie's for my birthday.  We both agreed the calamari app was the best we've ever had!  They don't cut it in the normal ring that most places do.  Which really helps it stay moist while it cooks.  It is lightly battered and comes with a chili aioli for dipping.  It also has some lightly battered jalapenos and pickled ginger.  MMM I'm getting hungry again just thinking of it.  I order'd there Chop top lager on tap which I was warned that it was a very hoppy beer.  Unfortunately I didn't like it at all but my server had no issues replacing it for me with a different beer.  The service is top notch, the food is top notch and the menu is very reasonable.  2 beers(3 total but I wasn't charged for the ChopTop), 1 starter, and 2 entrees $77 plus tip.  On a side note the outdoor patio is heated for the cooler nights.
Finally open: A Waterloo location of the poutine restaurant empire that is sweeping across the nation to call our own.  That would be Smoke's Poutinerie.  I was there on opening day and back again to scope it out some more!

For those not in the know: What Is Poutine?  Well, the classic French-Canadian dish has fries, topped with gravy and cheese curds.

This Traditional poutine is available here at Smoke's for purists, but the chain's claim to fame is giving poutine the rock-star treatment by variations to the standard poutine with a number of delicious toppings that take the dish from merely stratospheric to out-of-this-world.

As an example, take my favourite option: The Country Style poutine which piles on chicken, bacon, mushrooms & caramelized onions as tasty toppings on the fresh-cut fries from Smoke's own potatoes and specialty gravy.  First it's salty and there's the squeaky cheese curds, then you get the smokiness from the bacon, then again you get a hit of sweetness from the caramelized onions.  In the end you have bite-after bite of poutine goodness.

Not a sit down place, the take-out service here was fast and friendly, with a bit of a wait each time... even though it has just recently started, this location already has a lot of fans!
First time trying Smoke's Poutinerie after hearing so much about it from my friends, and the famous Smoke's Poutinerie logo everywhere I go.

I tried the Hogtown Poutine, because honestly...in terms of the original you can never beat La Banquise. It was definitely what I expected, fresh cut fries with awesome toppings such as meatballs, bacon, carmelized onions...oh, did I mention smoked bacon? Delicious!

My only problem with this place is the gravy is sunk to the bottom. I'm used to the gravy on the top similar to other poutine places I've tried.

Limited seating room, so take out is recommended.

Cash and debit only!
So I'm not going to lie I was anxiously awaiting the opening of Smoke's for a couple months and I was definitely not let down. The food is delish and I love the Pop Shoppe Pop and other beverage alternatives that vary from the usual Coke/Pepsi options. 

I pride myself in being a Poutine Connoisseur as I have tried it everywhere that specialized in it since I was about 14 and this poutine definitely exceeded my expectations. I have tried a few different kinds so far and they were all amazing but I would highly recommend either the bacon or the pulled pork because it just compliments the flavours so well.

The only reason I didn't give this location a 5 star is for 1) there is no place to sit down and eat and poutine unfortunately doesn't keep very well so by the time we make it home it's usually a little soggy. No biggie in the Summer when you can just sit outside but kind of a pain in the butt in the cold weather. 2) Likely due to the proximity to University residences and bars the parking lot is usually totally disgusting, garbage everywhere and on my 2 most recent trips vomit right outside the doorway. I mean honestly, that is disgusting and talk about an appetite killer.

All in all I would say Smoke's Poutinerie is well worth the inevitable wait. :)
My friend wanted to go to Smoke's Poutinerie on his holiday so I called him after work and picked him up. 

We both got the pulled pork poutine, and he got some added some peppers and hot sauce to his. He loved it. We asked for stickers and the girl seem annoyed. She only had to reach under the counter. 

The Waterloo location is super small, not many places to sit, so we grabbed our food and ate in my car in the parking lot. 

Food was delicious will go back again, but prefer other locations with happier people and places to sit
I have no idea what happened here, this place went waaaay downhill since it opened. We had friends here from out of town that had been hearing about Smokes for months and were really looking forward to trying it and after we talked it up to them they were looking forward to it even more. Well we went in on Friday night and the place was dead (first time going and not waiting in line which was nice) and the employees seemed impatient, rude and all around miserable.

The only way I can describe our food is totally disgusting, I wouldn't feed it to me dogs. First of all I worked at a few fast food chains as a teen and I know old oil when I see/smell it and let me tell you that oil hasn't been changed since they opened, I would almost bet my life on it. Our fries were completely brown after being in the oil and totally soggy, disgusting and flavourless. Secondly our poutines barely had a drop of gravy on them, they were totally dry which just added to the nastiness of the fries. Last, the portions were about half the size they were on my first few trips, I know it has been a couple weeks since my last visit but what happened!?! 

Honestly, I just wound up feeling embarrassed after telling our friends how good it was. They clearly didn't see what all the hype was about and I don't blame them. I can guarantee I will go back based solely on my previous visits but if this is what it's going to be like from now on I am officially heart broken. Fingers Crossed the pick it back up!!
Just went here; very sombre atmosphere.  I placed my order and I guess the cashier had a short term memory as he had to yell my order number twice to my face while I was standing in front of him, with only one other customer in the store.  Portions are large however fries tasted kind of stale, so ended up throwing most of it in the garbage.  Definitely nowhere near the food quality or service at Poutini's.  Won't be returning.
I came here on a weekend when I was in town to visit a certain someone at the nearby university and I insisted on trying Smokes after finding out there was one in close proximity. I visited with a group of friends and I was so excited to finally see what all the hoopla made about this place was. 
Okay, first off, this place is tiny! I ordered the bacon poutine and it was underwhelming at best. The fries are the epitome of "cardboard fries" and the gravy can be described -- in chemistry terms -- as TRANSPARENT, not even translucent...what is up with that? The portion was big though but that wasn't the reason why finishing up the small size was a struggle.
This Smokes experience did not go to waste however, I'm still on a mission to avoid it back home in Toronto.
Love Smoke's! 
I try to order a new thing every time I go and I've never been disappointed. It's not exactly gourmet but for what you pay it's pretty unreal.
Not as good as the one downtown Toronto. I feel that the fries are overcooked or dry half of the time. Lacks consistency.
Got the original poutine for takeout. 

Wow, where do I begin?
First of all, the fries were soggy and drenched in oil. There was practically no gravy on it. The cheese curds were hard and old. 

Sadly, I had to nuke in the microwave for 4 minutes to get the cheese to partially melt, and most of them stubbornly refuse to budge. Felt like I was chewing on rubber pellets.  

Don't let their heavy advertising fool you. I'd rather go to McDonalds to buy their fake poutine that to pay for this excuse of a poutine. This was an utter let-down. 

I'm sticking with my New York Fries. They get it right every time, and they're even cheaper.
Lol.  Go to Burger King and put some cheese curds and sauce on fries.  This was the first and last time I tried poutine.  

This place must be an inside scam.  Serve this stuff to Vladamir Putin and he may invade Canada.
I've had much better poutine elsewhere. I would recommend avoiding...
Love at first sip! Foodies and Beer lovers beware your wallets will empty upon arrival to Imbibe. It Awesome. The menu isn't super extensive but has some great dishes, including some vegetarian options. The service was awesome, our server had tons of knowledge as far as the menu goes and great beer knowledge i love everything i drink here. They serve local wines and craft beer only from Ontario. The server let me know they change beer almost everyday and often only buy one keg per beer.

All i want to do is come here everyday. I would live here. Imbibe is spot on. Just what downtown Kitchener needed!

I love you Imbibe.
Awful food. The beer selection was local, interesting craft stuff. My meal was clearly mostly prepped by a robot or possible undocumented immigrant in California, as it was machine perfect square sliced and aged to sourness. Bitter, sour salad, dry machine cut chicken on my flatbread.

Go for the selection of half a dozen craft beer, but be prepared to wait for service. And for the love of god, eat elsewhere.
i'm From Atlanta GA, stumbled on this little jem. Best fish tacos i've had and better caesar salad i've had in long time, got the dressing just right. HIGHLY recommend
Great food and local beer collection. Friendly staff! All around solid vibe. Lobster bisque soup had really big chunks of fresh lobster and cheesecake (made in house), is phenomenal.
Great atmosphere, delicious food. The poutine wasn't exactly traditional, but it was great nonetheless.
Good ambiance, great beer, amazing customer service ...sadly bad food. If you're looking for a nice fancy place to have drinks and hang out this is the place to visit but the food was cold and bland. Ordered the chicken and fish, the chicken was cold and the fish was bland and way too oily. 

Definitely try out the beer paddles... worth a visit!
Beertown Public House is the latest addition of the newer concept public houses and modern bars in the Waterloo region. Located at Waterloo Town Square in Uptown Waterloo, the centralized location is definitely a plus for both locals and university students.  

Like the previous reviewer, I find Beertown to be great for their beer selection and atmosphere. However, the food is mediocre at best. 

The beer selection is quite excellent. On each table, you can find a beer bible listing Beertown's complete selection. For me, the inclusion of a beer bible is reminiscent of the Bier Markt chain in Toronto and Pub Italia in Ottawa. That being said, the selection that is offered, (wheat, lambics, pilsner, ales, lagers, IPAs, etc.) can satisfy almost any palate. 

Plus, if you are indecisive, there are beer paddles, which is pretty much a sample of 4 beers, available.  

Keep in mind that there are no dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday nights. If you decide to go, the wait could range from half an hour to an hour.

All in all - a great place to visit to have a drink with a group. Not so much for food.
I really like this place, as I'd hoped I would. The service at dinner one night was great. An error was made in my order and an allergen was added to my tacos; the waiter not only apologized and got it out of there quickly, but the manager returned five minutes later with a replacement dish on the house. Perfectly handled. 

Lunch specials are quite good. My companion really enjoyed her wrap and sweet potato fries, and I ate every last bite of my skirt steak salad. It was a splurge for lunch, but it was delicious and came fully loaded. Lunchtime service is quick and efficient.

No, the food is not *the best* in town but the beer menu and location make it perfect for uptown worker bees. Give it a shot with your coworkers and enjoy a paddle (or three).
I finally got to visit Beertown after months of trying! I went for lunch with some girlfriends and was very happy with the meal. We went around 1pm - so the restaurant was steady but not full. Our food came out quickly and the service was great. I had the turkey club sandwich and it was very tasty! We will return again!
Good beer selection and ambiance but food was so-so. I would suggest sticking to the apps and avoiding the mains. Poor variety and options for people who don't eat pork or beef.
Beertown had so much hype and promise going into its opening year with an amazing location and the promise of great food and beer. Unfortunately only two of these have delivered the beer and the location. I've been to this restaurant many times now and every time the experience has been substandard. Of the 5 times I've eaten here only once has my tables food been prepared and delivered properly without us having to send food back or having our server let us know that there was some sort of mix up with our food after being a bite in. Simply put it's just horrible food. The worst caesar salad I've ever had in my life came from this restaurant, and that's something that's pretty hard to mess up. Besides horrible food the menu itself is lacking in anything that's actually appealing, making choosing a meal a difficult. 

As for the rest of the restaurant the interior is beautiful with a very trendy and modern design and nice features although it can be a little dark inside. The restaurant also features a great patio right on Waterloo town square which is a sure thing in the summer. The interior is rather loud for the size of restaurant so make sure you bring your hearing aid if you plan on having a conversation with your friends. 

Now for the crown jewel of this restaurant from which it takes its namesake, the beer! The beer selection is fantastic! Make sure you take advantage of the beer paddles which allow you to sample four different beers at once. They keep a wide selection on tap although much of it is safer than I hoped for a restaurant that prides itself on a unique beer experience. They also feature a VERY wide selection of beer in bottle format.

I really want to rate this restaurant better given its trendy atmosphere and great selection of beer but the inconsistent service and horrible food won't allow me. Come here for a drink with your mates, not a bite to eat.
Such a disappointment! I've been there a few times now and keep hoping for something amazing, only to be sorely disappointed. The smoked brisket quesadilla was too overpowered by the horseradish sour cream. The beer garden salad tasted like a grocery store pre-made salad and not the quality I would expect from the Charcoal group. The poutine was yummy and large enough to share between a few people. I loved the sweet and light beer sampler but the tour of beer had a couple of beers that tasted pretty similar to one another and wasn't what I would hope for from a sampler. This place is often busy but I'm not sure if that's a reflection of the quality or just the lack of good options in Uptown.
It's new, it's clean, it's in a nice area uptown. Great beer selection. Just a bit pricey but some of these you will not find on tap anywhere else in Waterloo.  I should note that this is the second iteration if this restaurant/bar from the charcoal group (look them up). 

The food is hit or miss. I really enjoyed the fish tacos but as other reviews point out, the salad can be off. The burger I had was so so. 

It's safe to say that they don't hire most of their staff based on experience since it's mostly bad. This is unlike the Bauer kitchen, which has better service. It's a newer restaurant so that may improve eventually.

That being said. If you want to have a nice meal, there are better options. If you want to get drunk, go there if you can afford it. If you want to enjoy a couple beers on a patio or take a girl out on a causal date then this is a very good option. Just beware that it gets busy so plan ahead.
I came on a Wednesday night and was surprised at how busy it was, however the level of service we received was great and the food came out quickly. This place has a great chill atmosphere and I actually thought the food was pretty good! I got the fish tacos which was loaded up with tons of veggies and also the beergarden salad (which btw has a very yummy dressing). My friend got the fish and chips which was a decent portion and tasted pretty good too. 

I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes and I would also like to try the beer samplers!
The selection of beer they have is amazing, but when you get the paddle that comes with 4 beers, they should make sure at least 3 will be good beers. There food is alright. nothing amazing and is a little overpriced.
Definitely get a paddle. That's the coolest part about Beertown. You can try four new beers that you might not have even heard of before. Each paddle glass is also small enough so if you don't like one, you're not stuck with a whole pint. Be adventurous!
Aside from the paddles, they also have a very large selection of beer on tap (as you'd expect from the restaurant's name). Don't ask the waiter or waitress what they have on tap ;)
Went here to waterloo for a recruiting trip. it was one of those -30 days where I could only venture to the closest place without risking severe frost bite!

Had the tacos and the beer was great, it was a Monday so the place wasn't particularly packed. 

The wait staff was really cool though, our waitress constantly would come by and chat with us, I think she though it was pretty cool our group came all the way from San Francisco.  

Good selection of beer too, probably a place I'd go once in a while if I were a waterloo student.
Always so full ! Had to wait for 45mins. And we came here twice before but the wait was more than an hour so we decided not to wait... 
Pub feeling , many tv and loud !need to yell to my friends, but was okay , it was a pub ! 
The starters were very good, unfortunately they were gone before I got a chance to take a picture . We had sweet potato fries, very good, can't go wrong with that ! The dipping sauce was special, creamy !  We also had tuna salad to share as well, also very very good ! Highly recommended! 

I had the sampler, apple cider and the strawberry fuili ( I think ) were good, can get those from lcbo as well. The other two were not that good, one was bitter and I forgot the names... 

I had the pork belly pouting for my main, it was very good!

My bf had the prime rib or steak like dish.... The meat was dry and taste-less... He didn't want the goat cheese side so switch to fries instead.... But still the dish was a put down 

My other friend had half ribs and she said it was pretty good.

Overall, very good surroundings and hot waitresses !!!   But food is a bit pricy , four of us ate around $160? But we were really really full and I had my poutine packed up !
In for lunch with my Father in law.  He had a burger I had the Mac and cheese. Mine was cold he asked for no lettuce and of course got some anyway. We had a beer each, $50.   Two stars because they have Leffe on tap, nothing else particularly redeeming.
Very much a sports bar. From my vantage point, there were 17 screens I could see that were broadcasting a range of hockey and baseball. 

We stopped in after dinner, so we didn't order any food. The beer selection was good, the service prompt. Nothing really stood out, hence the three-star rating. It was also basically across the street from our hotel.

The good: fast service.
The bad: too much stimulus from all the tvs ever.
if you get dessert, make sure you get the bread pudding. It is delicious, warm, and moist. Be sure to try it. 

Appetizers are great but the entrees are okay
Great service and great food. It's great to have Jack's back in KW!
Great service and good food. Very convenient location.
Always been good.  It's jack astors so you know what you are going to get but this one is nice and has great service.  The location in the mall is handy as well if you need to do some shopping.
Nice location, we went on an off night and service was fast and friendly.

I got the giant 'Deluxe Bacon Cheeseburger' and it was great!  Tons of cheddar shacked high, took some real work to eat this as tall as it was.

We're definitily planning a return visit once we cycle through a few of the other local restaurants.
Simply fantastic! KW has another new Gem. Some may find it pricey, but I've never regretted paying for top quality food and service.

Wheelchair/walker friendly
Hard to find but worth the effort! Have had dinner here twice, and both times been impressed with the food. The tapas are all pretty good, esp. the pork belly sliders and fried chicken. The first time I was here, the patatas bravas were cold and undercooked, but my second visit proved more positive in this regard, and the patatas were crisp and delicious. 

I highly recommend getting their drink specials, as they're often a very good deal. The first time it was the vodka-based Public Punch, and then on the second visit had the cava special ($6/flute). 

We hit up the Wednesday oyster special ($2.50 each or $2 after 7 p.m.), adding a line-caught tuna special and those yummy sliders as well. The oysters were all shucked perfectly, no grit, and came with mignonette/hot sauce/cocktail sauce. The tuna was lovely, cooked extra-rare as I'd asked, on a bed of edamame and pickled hot peppers. 

Service is efficient and friendly, and our waitress was happy to tell us about an upcoming food event in KW. She even brought us an extra little treat, as well, which was an unexpected and welcome surprise. Will definitely keep coming here, as I'm getting tired of similar places in uptown Waterloo.
My sister randomly selected Public Kitchen and Bar for Father's Day dinner with my family this year. How could such a random selection lead to such a perfect meal? I've since been one more time, but would love to arrange all occasions I celebrate in Kitchener here. It is sooo good. 

Both times I went were on Sundays where they do a four course family style set menu. It is $35 a person and basically all you can eat. The meal starts with a surprise amuse bouche. For Father's Day, it was a huge, perfectly cooked shrimp with a home-made seafood sauce and micro greens. This was followed by a big bowl of salad and a plate of warm, chewy fresh baked focaccia (my favourite part of the meal). Next was a platter of chicken and ribs with sides of roasted potatoes and vegetables. The roasted vegetables were anything but ordinary - among others, beets, zucchinis, cabbage, heirloom carrots, that were perfectly cooked and seasoned. After we ate the full platter of meat, the server came around to ask us if we wanted more. We asked for one serving of ribs and he ended up bringing out an order of chicken too. Dessert was an icecream Sunday with chocolate sauce, peanuts and fresh berries. 

At my second visit, the amuse was a tart filled with a creamy mussel filling. It was interesting, but probably best left as a tiny amuse (I probably wouldn't have eaten a second). This meal came with a similar salad, bread, potatoes and those amazing roasted vegetables. The main this time was fried chicken with sausage gravy. The fried chicken was better than most barbeque places that specialize in fried chicken! The gravy was thick and flavourful with the odd chunk of sausage. Crème brulee for dessert was perfect. 

Disclaimer - when you walk in, this place looks like a total hipster hangout. Vintage furniture, bearded servers and a mix of clientele. However, both times the servers were friendly and genuinely excited about the food and the night's menu. The location is a bit odd, in a small plaza on Lancaster. However this place is definitely worth checking out.
This restaurant was the substitute choice for my partner's bday, and I'm so glad we ended up there!!! The service is excellent, the food exciting and delicious, as well the space being a lovely spot to spend time with friends. Good beer and wine selections too.  I was there on tapas & oyster night and we really enjoyed the oysters. I don't believe that they serve espresso though... Not entirely sure.
Thank you nicole and Trish our table had such a good time thanks to you two girls you made our evening so much fun! A extra thank you to your chefs for the fine dinner they made! Great food Great Fun and Great service! Thank you again
The atmosphere was nice. I ordered a Carbonara and it came out not creamy at all. It was also bland and as if they didn't add any salt. 
I told the waiter that it was not creamy. He took away my pasta and added a scoop of alfredo sauce (or some kind of orange-color cream sauce) 
it was super salty! 
and that is not how you make carbonara!!! *facepalm*
I dont think the chef knows how to cook. perhaps some cooking lessons from online blogs or even allrecipe will help. Even I can cook better carbonara at home than here.
Horrible. Waited roughly 1 hour after ordering for the wings to come for their 39 cent wings on a Tuesday. Wings were tasteless and bland. Never again.