Tom Thumb's just opened up for business this past Tuesday. I filled my tank with premium for $3.65 versus the nearby Shells (yes all of the Shells have the same price) that was $3.75. It's good to get some competition in the area for a change. This place also has a carwash, BBQ Bistro, soft serve yogurt and a coffee bar along with assorted fresh fruits and veggies and the usual convenience store fare. My wife suggested to the manager that they should sell smoothies as well. The store manager seems like a good guy that will take suggestions so let's hope this place makes it.
So glad to have a gas station & car wash close to my office again! They have fresh lunch options too which is a huge plus.
I drove into this place the other day.... and they offer 1950's FULL SERVICE at the pump!!! There are guys dressed in white overalls who will wash your windows and check your oil!!!! I love it!!! 

The inside of the store is amazing... I went pay for my gas... and you pay at a pastry/espresso bar counter... and being a super sucker for sweets... I indulged! And boy was I glad... so yummy! Gas and Cupcakes. It's a no brainer.

They have a full service Artisan sandwich counter that has a full breakfast menu. I have not tried any of the sandwiches... yet. But I will. 

They also sell fresh cut flowers, a small selection of fresh produce, and other assorted convenience store fair. 

As Scott D. mentioned... the gas is about a dime less the the nearest Shell station. 

I like this place. I hope if does well. It's definitely not another Circle-K. It's a refreshing change. Give it a visit!
AMAZING BRISKET!! There is a casual order at the counter REAL BBQ restaurant... AT THE GAS STATION!?!?!?!?   I do have my own smoker & know good BBQ.  This stuff melts in your mouth and is not over smoky (amazing considering their 14 hr Hickory wood smoking time) I only had the brisket sandwich so far. Pink smoke ring, 4 sauces to choose from, served on proper Texas toast & the shoestring fries, ya know, normal gas station fare;)

I know it seems weird "honey I'm off to the gas station to pick up dinner" but actually... best bbq brisket i have had between here & Joe's real BBQ in Gilbert. I'll update when I try the pork, but Brisket is much tougher to smoke & keep moist so I always try that first at a new BBQ joint. The sell meat by the LB to go as well. Let's support this amazing concept.

UPDATE-Tried the takeout brisket by the lb and half chicken, see my new photos. Even the chicken wing was moist!  That's no easy feat. Brisket was as great as I remember, that's why i bought a pound!!
I'm not impressed. The gas is expensive, the food inside is expensive and not fresh. The employees are very friendly but that doesn't make up for it. 

I've stopped in a few times to pick up some veggies/ fruit as a snack at work and they have never been fresh or even ripe. I have been disappointed each time. 

 The first time I stopped in, I bought a container of sliced cucumber. Later at work I ate one and it was so sour and clearly had gone bad. I tried to call them to let them know to remove the product from the shelf and could not for the life of me find the phone number. It is not listed ANYWHERE. 

When I went in to return the product they were very appologetic and sincere but at this point I doubt I'll come in again.  Maybe they just need time to settle in, so I might come back in a few months.
So now I'm eating dinner from a gas station?  

Yes, I am, as of tonight because tonight I had a brisket sandwich and cheese enchilada from Tom's Thumb.  Lean and moist slices of brisket, a nice mix of charred edges and fall apart meat, infused with smoke, on Texas toast with garlic aioli, pickles, and onions.  Cheese enchiladas with a very spicy but absolutely awesome sauce.  Both with shoestring fries.

Burgers, pulled pork, BBQ chicken, brisket, salads, tacos, vegetarian options, mac and cheese, platters, and a selection of BBQ sauces on the side.  The thought of their smoked meat chili almost makes me want to get in my car and go back right now.

Attach all this to beer and wine for sale and an absolutely top notch car wash.  Did I mention the great prices?
Went back today with the intention of trying something different but once that smell hit me, I was heading to the car with another brisket sandwich - it was just as delicious as the other night.  I also tried the green tea iced tea and a hot latte, both were great as was the potato salad.

Husband had a burger and declared it delicious.

Car was washed while I waited for lunch and was gleaming when I picked it up and headed out with my bag of awesome food.  Amazing.
I absolutely love this place! It is a wonderful addition to our little community here. Love that you can grab a little something to eat. My kids adored the waffles. Say they were the best they ever had.  I love a gas station/local gourmet market that has a big beautiful chandelier! Coffee is great. think I'm there almost everyday. This is a great place and still has lots of potential..I'm waiting on the wine! Maybe organic fruits and vegetables would be great as well. Also, maybe more vegetarian options on the menu!
Thanks!
Don't be freaked out about the Bistro being in a gas station! The food is unbelievably excellent!! I highly recommend the chilli and I adored the barbeque. My husband's birthday is today and I am getting him take-out from the Bistro and cupcakes from the gourmet coffee shop in the Bistro. :)
I don't know what some of these people are talking about.  The gas prices and car washes are in line with the rest of N. Scottsdale and the food from the cafe is excellent.  I have tried the pulled pork, brisket and pulled chicken and the sauces they have available to compliment make the BBQ complete.  Salads are huge.  Craft beer selection is excellent.  A little pricey on some items, but seems about right for the convenience.  Oh, and the old school full-service at the pump, who else does that anymore?  Check your tire pressure, clean your windshield, worth a few extra bucks from time to time.
Have I lost my mind? Did I really order a brisket salad.....in....a gas station? YES! And did it completely blow my mind? YES! The Campfire Bistro is the dining portion of Tom's Thumb Fresh Market. And it is unbelievable. You can come here for breakfast (yes, they serve brisket at 7:30 am), lunch or dinner. The old gas station had closed down and a very enterprising man opened the new and vastly improved full service gas station, food counter and gourmet market. They have fresh and delicious baked goods and a (mostly) full coffee shop. It was a real treat to come in and experience the wonder that a gas station can offer. In fact, I would say that you should come here for the food, and get your car filled up with gas while you're at it, instead of the other way around.
Good food in a gas station? It's true.

My husband stopped by here for lunch last week and brought back this amazing barbeque pork sandwich with some of the best shoestring fries I've ever had. One bite and I was hooked. Since then we have been here 2 times and both times the service has been fast and the food delicious. The food is fresh and tasty - for both breakfast and lunch. My husband and I split a breakfast wrap and this was no ordinary wrap. Whole wheat tortilla stuffed with scrambled eggs, grilled peppers and onions, jalapeno bacon and cheddar cheese - definitely enough food for two. The second time we went for lunch my husband got the special of the day, Fried Catfish. My husband devoured it. I tried a bite and it was really good - it wasn't fishy tasting and the plating looked really nice. I got the pulled pork sandwich with shoestring fries which came in a basket. I'd prefer a plate, but this didn't affect the taste! All their meats are slow smoked and have this great "campfire" taste.  All items come sans barbeque because they have their own barbeque bar! You can pick and choose which sauces you want to use. I recommend the Low Country BBQ (has BACON and peppers) and the Texas Chipotle. Both are a little sweet but super addictive. 

Even the decor inside is nice and simple. I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area or just want to try some new BBQ.
What a great place.   You don't even need to buy anything to feel good about being here.  Nice people and very interesting selection of local produce, beer, wine, etc...  Great music even!  Everytime I go here the music is wonderful.  Neat Dylan collage in the back too...I heard the story on it.  I think it was the owners album collection or something. 

The best part of all however is the BBQ!  Wonderful selection of breakfast stuff and lunch/dinner.  You can buy the brisket, pulled pork etc...by the pound too which would be great to take home one night for dinner.  It is heavenly BBQ.  Really just great.  

I feel like I am on vacation everytime I walk in this place and havent been disappointed yet.  Its so nice to see an independently owned gas station with an owner that takes every opportunity to share all of his passions with his patrons.  This is certainly not your ordinary gas station.  They have taken it to a whole new level and I admire anybody who "re-invents" something that we all thought that we knew everything there was to know about.  To call this a gas station is like calling Fashion Square a strip mall.  Its so much more and its worth the trip.
Amazing pulled pork sliders & chili. The staff is fantastic. I got a perfect car wash & lunch all in one stop!
Wow!  What a pleasant surprise!

As a KCBS certified BBQ judge, I am very picky about my BBQ.  Campfire Bistro has it figured out.  This place is a must.  Just opened @ Tom Thumb's gas station @ 9393 E. Bell Road in Scottsdale.  Haven't even had their grand opening yet (weekend of 4/28-4/29).  Got the 2 meat platter of with pork and brisket.  Both were perfectly tender and a nice punch of smoke flavor.  For the side I had the shoestring fries.  Warning: They are highly addictive.  They have a counter with a wide variety of sauces.  I didn't put any on the meat because when the meat is that good, sauce can only ruin it in my mind.  However, I did use them to dip the fries in and they really had some interesting unique flavors.  Try the Low Country, the Texas, and regular sauces.

TWO HUGE THUMBS UP HERE!
Gas Station with a legit restaurant.  Being from Texas, I'm pretty critical of BBQ.  This place passes the test.  The breakfast taco's are my favorite.  Really impressed with the habanero sauce.  .
Walking into Tom's reminded me of an episode of the "Twilight Zone." From the outside an unsuspecting and understated building which boasts car-wash and gas station. But then on the signage outside it reads "BBQ"? Yes indeed BBQ. Probably one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I have ever had, and it came out of car wash/gas station no less. The sauces were incredible, and I found the best balance of Habenero and Chipotle sauce in a 1:1 ratio to be perfect. BBQ, however, is only where this place begins. They have a small bakery and coffee-shop along with a market which sells fresh produce, sauces, and snacks. Beer and wine? Of course. Why not? This place literally has a little of everything. Usually I would be turned off by it, but Tom's pulls it off well. It literally is a one-stop shop for all automobile, food, and drink needs. Moreover, I now have an excuse of why I should fill up my gas or wash my car with regularity.
Cool place. Great atmosphere. Excellent "grocery" selection. They stock a lot of local items like pickles from that pickling guy at the farmers markets. Queen Creek Olive company items. I didn't think anything from the market was overpriced. The produce selection seemed quite reasonable. And the beer selection was great. I tried the BBQ as well, and I thought it was pretty damn good. I got the BBQ tacos not knowing what to expect but bbq + taco = awesome! What is nice about the bbq is that it is not swimming in sauce already. You choose your sauce and slather it on appropriately. I thought the bbq was a tad expensive but that is because my view is anchored to a little bbq shack in the middle of georgia where a sandwich would be 4. Drop that shack in N Scottsdale and I understand a 8 price. The 3 tacos were $10 and I'm full from eating 3/4 of it. So, figure 3.33 a taco, that is pretty reasonable considering the quality. And looking at other bbq joints around here, the price is comparable. Add the atmosphere, awesome sauces (low country may go down as my favorite), and great staff I think they have a winning combo. The hard part will be getting customers to that location. Its convenient from the 101 but not many folks travel on Bell Rd. I hope they kick ass.
Great breakfast with a mimosa! 
Highly recommend this place.
In my best Schwarzenegger voice..."I'll be back!"
Still loving this place!  If you like yogurt and granola, try theirs it's exceptional.  BLT's are great too (FYI, they put a fried egg on their BLT).
Well, appearances do not always tell the story. Nondescript from the outside, the completely transformed Tom Thumb's market is AWESOME. For two weekends in a row, we have walked (yes, walked) there for breakfast. My hubby had been raving about the caprese sandwich (at a gas station?), the cubano and the bbq. We had 'pigs and grits' for breakfast (we split it- huge serving) and it was divine. Beautiful pulled pork smothered in Low Country bbq sauce over creamy grits! Delicious. The following week we split a smoked turkey egg white omelet. It was equally good. Priced well and quite a surprise. The people are very friendly and we will be back. We were so glad this gas station and carwash re-opened. The car wash is professional. When I took my car in for a hand wash, I asked for how long it would take. They told me and hit the time on the dot with no hardsell for other things. Great experience.
Everyone in this place is friendly, and it's very clean.   Having lived in the South you never know what you're going to get from a restaurant in a gas station.   This place is nice.   

The Kids had sliders and chicken skewers and they loved them.  They can't wait to go back.  I had the 2 meat platter with brisket and pulled pork.  The meat was smokey and tender, but dry.  We did stop in towards closing so I probably got the scraps from the day.  Their homemade sauces were good and they have plenty to suit varied palates.  

We ordered 2 kids meals, 2 adult meals, shoestring fries and waters and spent over 50 bucks, so it ain't cheap.  I smoke pork and beef in my green egg at home so I'm a bit picky when it comes to BBQ, and while this place has potential I'm not sure its worth $50 for 4.  But if you're not a BBQ connoisseur but enjoy BBQ, I'd recommend giving it a try.
Whenever the need arises to wash my vehicle....

And, I'm in the mood for delicious slow roasted brisket, ribs, or pulled pork...

And, I need to pick through the convenience store-like grocery case for some Nestle's Strawberry milk...

And, I want to watch international soccer games in the car wash waiting area after the pulled pork....with a flavorful Starbuck's-like coffee creation from the coffee bar, while my vehicle...remember my vehicle...the one that needed cleaning...is getting cleaned, I come here.

Tom's Thumb Fresh Market.

Where I can satiate all my worldly needs in one fell swoop...save for getting laid.
But I'm guessing if one got really creative, he/she could throw-down somewhere on this huge property. 
If you are going to have a go at it, I wouldn't use the men's room though.
It smells kind-of weird....could sour the mood. 

From this reviewer's perspective, the only thing missing is a place to take a nap after getting laid.
A short nap after a furious jaunt is always refreshing and I think the proprietors could have thought through this a little more carefully when building their business plan, because had they done so, this place would be perfect in my book. 

A place to get my truck washed, eat barbecue, drink a beer, watch soccer, drink latte's, along with a fuck and a short nap, followed by the attendant tossing me my keys. Now that's the shit.

I'd like to summarize by suggesting how this place may very well be a mere fuck and a short nap away from heaven.
I do not get the concept on this place. Service is not the key, I fuel my two car every week and  pay at the pump most of the time but  if I need to fuel and pay cash this a nightmare!!!   The cashier is the Barista , If you happened to get in line with three guys in front of you , better start praying because it might take 8 minutes before you can pay for Gas!!!!  you are stuck between lattes and cupcakes,  in my opinion the need two cashiers at all time . Do not  kill customer service for trying to be fancy????????
Being a bit skeptical about the concept of what I thought this place was (kinda like a Danny's Car wash plus food) , Peg and I checked it out for breakfast this am. I was so pleasantly surprised!  The full service breakfast (and Janelle could not have been more cheerful or helpful)  was legit. It's not just a "let's order coffee and a danish at the counter" venue, although that is a possibility if you don't have the time to sit down. The pulled pork was good, the grit cakes were yummy (beneath a couple of nicely over easy eggs), and the coffee was at least above average. When 18 degrees blows hot and cold, and Over Easy isn't at times, this place is a nice addition to the neighborhood.  When we browsed and saw Tracy Dempsey products on the shelves...it tells you what you need to know!  Dr. B
This is one of my new fav places to eat. I'm addicted to the brisket and fries. I haven't had brisket this good since "back home" in Louisiana. While they do have homemade sauces, you don't need it! I'm not big on bbq sauce...so, I look for brisket that has enough of its own flavor to stand alone. And, the fries are so, so good. The pulled pork is really good, too. 
For those of you who know Bryan's in Cave Creek, this place is better! I really want to try breakfast one day.
This is good BBQ.  I rarely find pork that's as tasty as what I smoke but this is it.  That along with a car wash, gas station and gourmet food market....How can you beat it?
Tom's Thumb has become our favorite for breakfast, lunch, & dinner! Great coffee bar, quality food, and superior service! Exceeds expectations! Friendly staff...this is one restaurant that is an asset to the community. BTW, we patronize the full-service automotive services, too:)
Best BBQ you can get from a gas station in Scottsdale or Phoenix.  The pulled pork sandwhich is just delicious.  The sauces are also pretty good.
It's BBQ meets Pygmalion!  They've taken the venerable Southern country store concept, think Rudy's in Austin, and dressed it up a notch or two.  I got the tacos so that I sample three meats.  I wound up discarding the tortillas so I could focus on the flavor.  All three had a great smoky char that was moist and tender without being too fatty or gristlly.  I haven't fully penetrated the sauce bar but I'm pretty sure that I will explore its depths on future visits.
I was excited about the possibility of good BBQ in NoSco.  My excitement was immediately tamed.  The meat? eh, almost tasted like liquid smoke.  The sauce? watered down, the regional stuff(carolina, texas, etc.) didnt even come close.  The price? $30 for 2 sandwiches, sides, and tea?  no thank you.  wont be back.
Total rip off for a car wash. Saw a $15 off offer on the Internet to get a discount on a car wash after purchasing gas. Purchased $50 in gas and then wanted to spend more on a car wash to get my carpets cleaned. They wouldn't give me my $15 discount then after filling up my tank with their already inflated gas prices. No wonder there is not a lot business here with people washing their cars on the weekend.
I tried the new hamburger with pulled pork.... AMAZING. And the sauces are the cherry on top. They've converted me
My fiancé was totally skeptical when I said I wanted to eat BBQ in a gas station called Tom thumbs.

We walked in and it's like being in a cute little market. 

They have BEER and wine. 

The menu is chili meat, pulled pork, BBQ brisket, flatbreads, salads, grilled corn. It seems to be BBQ with a bit of southwest flair.


I got the pulled pork, brisket, macaroni salad, baked beans and slaw. Everything was amazing!! So so good, brisket is tender. Beans are perfectly spiced and the habanero sauce is amazing! Perfect best BBQ sauce ever. 
We had a taste of the chili beans it was okay. 

Server was a little lost- she didn't know the menu well, but she went and asked when she didn't know something. 

You can also get to go..

YOU NEED to check this place out.
This place was awesome - get past the fact that it is a "Gas Station" (I say that a little tongue in cheek because to call this place a gas station is like calling Disneyland a Carnival) because once you go inside, it has a great dining area.  I had the Brisket which was awesome and I dipped it in each homemade BBQ sauce available - the North Carolina brought me right back to my South Carolina roots with an awesome vinegar-based sauce.  The fries were perfect and my buddy also enjoyed his burger topped with pulled pork topped with fried jalapeños - he was apparently the first one to try it and it was a hit.  Go - i will probably be there tomorrow, and the next day and...
I have enjoyed all of my meals at the Campfire Bistro. The Campfire Bistro is inside Tom Thumb's gas station. If you stop by early in the morning to get gas or a car wash the smell of the meat cooking will make you want to stop by for lunch.

I have to say that this is the best BBQ in Scottsdale. My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich, although a $12 lunch is a little bit more than I would care to spend. I have had pretty much everything except for the breakfast items and the tacos and have never been disappointed. This place has plenty of seating but it does get really busy during lunch time.
Ms. Tudie has done it again. Awesome food. You may not find it on the menu, but ask for the gumbo. Best you will find anywhere. 

Loved the atmosphere. It has a kitchen table comfortable feel. Excellent service. Can't wait to go back
If you live in the vicinity of DC Ranch, then you know there's no such thing as a convenience store anywhere in the area. 
Tom's Thumb is that convenience store, only it's much, much more.
 
Its a car wash, convenience store featuring gourmet (A.J;s type) food and liquor products, and, it's a restaurant  featuring bbq and smoked meats.
It's also a coffee cafe and mini bakery.

As a businessman, I've always subscribed to the concept that a business should do one thing and do it very well. That it should have a singularly myopic focus and knows who and what it is. 
I'm reconsidering my pose on this. 

Taking into account  how some of the most popular tv sitcoms feature a large cast, using the logic that  the public will identify with at least one of the characters, so too goes the Tom's Thumb analogy. 
There's something here for everyone. 

Last night I was finally able to drag, (kicking and screaming) my more than reluctant wife here for dinner. Call her crazy, but she's been adamantly opposed to dining in a car wash / gas station facility, despite my touting their flavorful bbq entrees. 
Our server was young, enthusiastic and very friendly. The food, even better.
And,  it got a big thumbs up from my wife. No small thing.

I hope Tom's Thumb is wildly successful, as I like the idea of having a place that sells Longboard and Lagunitas IPA's for 8.99 a six-pack right in my backyard.

Also, as kind of a retro thing, the guys who wash the cars are all outfitted in white coveralls. Very sanitary looking and reminiscent of something out of the '50's.
Pretty cool. 

Try this place, you'll like the feel of it.
Went on a friends recommendation, was not disappointed one bit.  So many choices and I couldn't decide.  Went with the Cubano sandwich & roasted Mexican corn.  The sandwich was so great, the only downside, it wasn't the traditional bread (more of a ciabatta roll), the fries were the shoestring potatoes, were very good, selection of BBQ sauces, were available. The roasted corn was good, was a little cold though.  Will definitely be back to try some BBQ (even though the drive is a little far from Central Phoenix).
Good service, good guarantees on the car washes and I've been there three times and never had anything less than exceptional service.
I recently found this gas station after moving to the area. Tom's Thumb has the best car wash around. Not to mention an excellent market and restaurant. Drop your car off for a wash, and have lunch while you wait. They even carry 100 octane racing fuel if you need.
Hip Hip Hooray for the Tom's Thumb Car Wash and dining experience.  Yes 5 big ones for a company with a lame name and less than favorable location.  We've lived in the area for years and unfortunately never ventured into this wonderful little bistro.  Food is simply outstanding hands down some of the best BBQ in this town.  Excellent Fresh Pulled Pork and brisket.  Ive been here 10 times since we found out about them a month ago.  Great Service and staff very nice market with some of the finer selections you might only find at AJ's.  My wife and I have had our cars through the wash every week and each time its a job well done.  Great excuse for me to sit and eat.  Oh did I mention they also have a coffee bar with amazing cupcakes.  Breakfast Lunch or Dinner make time for this place you will be glad you did.  Special thanks to the owner for putting together such a nice establishment.  Additional thanks to the chef for her outstanding approach to a variety of dishes recently voted one of the top 25 new restaurants in the valley.
I am a regular customer who comes in DAILY and supports the gas station, the car wash, and the restaurant. I'm appalled at the lack of concern and assistance  by the manager who watched me wait for 45 minutes for my breakfast and did NOTHING. I'm not one to make a scene so I waited until I left to call him and discuss his lack of customer focus. He never called me back.  That interaction speaks volumes to me. You've been warned.
I find myself going here a lot, and for good reason. 

Car Wash 
 I used to think that getting a car wash in the metro Phoenix area required up selling and buying detailing services or getting your wind shield repaired, etc. At Tom's they just ask you what service you want. What a novel concept, no commissioned sales people.  They have comfortable sitting areas both inside and outside. The dudes drying and spiffing up the car are diligent and do a great job. 

Gas
What else can be said. The gas is about 10 cents cheaper than the surrounding gas stations.

Store
This place has everything that a convenience store would have and more (sorry if that sounded like a TV Pitchman). They have a lot of gourmet type items, dog food, magazines, beer, ice cream, chips, car accessories, etc. You get the idea, something for everyone. The restrooms are always clean.

Bistro
You're not going to believe this, but they have a bistro that always seems to be packed during the lunch and dinner hours. I have had their BBQ, and I definitely can say it's the best in Scottsdale. They have a pretty diverse menu such as tacos, soup, bbq pork sandwich, cubano sandwich, breakfast stuff, etc.

Summary
Don't take my word for it. Try this place out for yourself and you'll realize that I have just scratched the surface with this review of all that Tom's Thumb has to offer.
This place was great! Everyone was very nice and the food was great...they have everything in this place! We had bbq pork sliders..They have so many different flavors of bbq sauce..It was so delicious. Thank you for a great meal. I'll be back soon!
So when you think of lunch in a gas station, what comes to my mind are shriveled up hot dogs on rollers, thin, dry hamburgers under a heat lamp or maybe a microwave burrito, not at Tom's Thumb Gas Station.  Campfire Bistro is located inside the gas station and this place has real smoked BBQ.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was very, very good.  It wasn't the best BBQ I have ever eaten, but it was extremely good.  It was very flavorful and not dry at all.  They had a wide assortment of sauces available from North Carolina vinegars to Texas sweets to KC mustards.  I tried a Chipotle sauce...very good, some bite without a lot heat.
What a truly pleasant surprise...good food in a car wash/convenience store...who would have thought?  The service was AMAZING...very helpful and right there when you needed it!  Nice, relaxing atmosphere that honestly didn't feel like you were eating in a car wash/convenience store.  The BBQ platter with a 1/4 chicken, macaroni salad and potato salad was quite tasty,  but way too big of a portion for me!  They recommended a few different sauces for me and they were both delicious.  We'll be back!
You won't believe this, but the best bbq in North Scottsdale is at a gas station. They have a large menu with innovative choices. The kicker is that you also get to choose your bbq flavor! My personal menu favorite is the BBQ Pulled Pork tacos, but my favorite bbq sauce is still undecided. The Low Country is a sauce with bacon, bell peppers, and worcheshire. The Texas Chipotle is a sweet and spicy sauce. Both are friggin' fantastic, so you can't lose!
Friends have been telling me to go for months...I finally went....  amazing concept! I got my car washed..( and it was really washed!) I went inside and ordered breakfast....AMAZING !!!  What a menu...fresh, home-cooked food...I now go there just to eat, I mean really...how many times can you have your car washed....  I thought I would grab a cafe mocha at the coffee bar there....better than Starbucks!  On top of all this....the staff there is so pleasant, so nice and helpful. In a way I don't want too many people to know about this place in fear of it becoming too crowded...on the other hand I want everyone up here in the DC Ranch area to check this place out.
Great car wash and coffee. A little pricey, but what do you expect for North Scottsdale.
Steve Ramsthel
Scottsdale, AZ.


Best BBQ I have ever had!
It was New Years Day, and bf and I were driving back from Flagstaff craving BBQ. We managed to miss the exit off the I-17 to go to one of the bbq joints up in Anthem, and when we tried to go to another nearby bbq place (Pork on a Fork) they were closed. Finally, we found one more option that wasn't too out of the way, Campfire Bistro! It's close to the Ice Den where I spent many a Friday night in middle school, so it brought back fond memories of singing to Smash Mouth and Backstreet Boys while ice skating with friends. 

When I realized this place was in a gas station, I was skeptical but hopeful. When I walked in I was surprised to see what basically looks and feels like La Grande Orange-it's in a market with upscale cool things to buy like wines, cheeses, meats, and fun tchatchkies to look at and play with. There's a register counter near the front when you walk in, and Campfire is on the righthand side of the shop further down from the entrance. It's easy to find once you're in.

They have a seating area near the soda fountains (COKE PRODUCTS, SCORE! they even have cherry coke from the fountain!), and there is a wonderful display of BBQ sauces with pretty dead-on descriptions of the flavor profiles of each. There's to-go ramekins for you to squeeze the bbq sauces into, and of course bf and I took at LEAST one of each. They let us borrow a sharpie to label the sauces so we would remember which was which, that was way helpful!

I was immediately attracted to the BBQ tacos-they came with a choice of pulled chicken, pulled pork, and brisket, and they come in an order of 3 and are served on flour tortillas (YES!). When I saw that there were 3 meat options and you get 3 tacos in the order, of course I asked if I could get one of each taco, which the cashier happily obliged. Bf ordered the same thing, plus a pulled chicken sandwich to have for later which came with chips. Tacos didn't come with a drink or chips, but they were under $10 for three of them, and they were all very tasty! Tender, juicy meat on a soft, fresh tortilla with salsa and some other goodies sprinkled on top.

Bf agreed that all of them were delicious, and I think we both decided the chicken is the winner here. All of the bbq sauces were good, though the spicy ones were VERY spicy! 

Cheap, delicious, creative...I will be back!


P.S. I noticed after I ordered that on the menu board, in VERY small print, that they offer BACON WAFFLES. Um, why is this not the main attraction?! Why not put it in bold letters and let the world know you offer this?! I definitely need to try these!!!
At first, I thought there was nothing left to rave about when I came to Tom's Thumb.
But; Here it goes anyway.

I have been going there since they opened. (The former owners where the most arrogant, most uneducated in customer device, and didn;t give a crap how you liked things)  The new management truly cares about making every experience perfect.  They are interested in opinions and suggestions. I feel like a very valued client from the time I pull in...thru my custom made poached eggs from their restaurant...and taking delivery of my spanking clean luxury car fresh from their wash.  The staff is dressed in white uniforms and I have NO ISSUES with them crawling around the interior of my treasured car(s).

The staff knows how I like my eggs... my insistence of perfectly clean windows...and what snacks I like in their very cute little market.  (My wife was baking one afternoon and she needed some vanilla for a recipe...and the market had it!)

Best part....I get a Tom Thumb wash which cost $23.00.  I don't mind paying the bump from their entry level wash ($15.00) as they do things I want done.  One day, the Manager (who is always there) asked if I wanted to buy a VIP card.  "What's that?" I asked.  For $49.00 a month, I can wash my car as many times as I want during a 30 day period.  No contract...no big money....but it's almost TOO reasonable. Their reasoning is that the more often you come in, the more likely you are to buy something.

I eat breakfast daily...and at Tom's two eggs...toast...coffee costs about $7.00.  DELIVERED TO MY TABLE.  I get my cad washed a few times a week...and find my time spent at Tom's is great.  It's clean.  It's friendly. 

It's more than a car wash.  It's more than a market.  It's more than a restaurant.
LOVE IT.  (and I am very particular)
Might give it 5 stars when I try more dishes. Unique, cool atmosphere. Friendly staff. Good food! Will definitely go back.
I just had the ribs and beans from the Campfire Bistro inside the Market. They were one of the best I've had. The service was great, Ribs were juicy and fall off the bone. The Baked Beans were sweet and tasty!  If you are in North Scottsdale, this is you new BBQ place.
Learned about Tom's from a friend and went there for dinner.  I had the smoked half chicken, my wife had the pulled pork sliders and a friend had the smoked "two meat" plate.  Overall I would rate it as very good.  The barbecue sauces (7 or 8 choices) were excellent as were the meals.  The service was attentive and quick.  Don't expect ambiance, it is a gas station after all (although it's a few hours later and I still don't have gas). I think the only "ding" I would give is that the french fries were not hot enough to my liking.  But other then that expect a nice menu and really fine food.
I can't say anything other than amazing!! You just have to eat there to know. It sounds strange at first, but it has the most amazing food ever. I know fries are so-so at most places, but they have the best fries ever. I recommend the brisket sandwich with fries. The best brisket in AZ (that I have had so far).
Ate lunch here. Ordered the chopped salad and substituted pulled pork for smoked chicken. Excellent food! Service a little slow likely cuz we had a big group of 14. Recommend smaller group. Everyone was happy with their meal. Great little grocery and nice wine selection, too.
What great  BBQ...Unfortunately, they were out of Brisket when we visited last. The pulled pork tacos were amazing! Tender and flavorful pulled pork, shredded, slow roasted pork, sliced cabbage served on soft tacos. They were fresh and delicious. Also, the chicken enchiladas were both different and delicious, too. If you like it nice and spicy, try the habanero BBQ sauce...Yum! We had the peach cobbler for desert, which was served hot and flavorful, topped with whipped cream. Ice cream would have been better, but, not an option...Boo! We ate in the dining room and the staff was both friendly and helpful. They do take-out and catering, too. They have Tammy Coe deserts for sale to eat in, or, take home. We were their on a Saturday night, and although there website states they are open until 10pm, they turned away people at 9pm....make up your mind. It's quirky and casual, but, the GREAT food trumps everything.
This is only for the food:

Ordered the crispy fried pulled pork with bbq sauce over grits with shredded cheddar cheese and bacon. Nothing else is needed to be said. ::drops the mic::
Was lucky enough to be invited to the Yelp Western Adventure last night and definitely one of the highlights was the pulled pork taco from Tom's Thumb Fresh Market. Not sure what type of tortilla/flat bread they use, but it was delicious, chewy and toasty. It held up well to all the pulled pork, spicy/tangy sauce and cabbage. Next time I'm in north Scottsdale I'll make sure to stop for a fillup for my car and for me!.
Today was my first visit here. This place is pretty awesome. Really good food except I'm not into the french fries they have. They are really small and skinny and crispy. Some people probably like this kind of french fries, but not me. 

Anyways, I wish it wasn't raining today because I would have been really into getting my car washed while I munched on a burger.

So yeah, I'm really full right now, time for a nap.
i love this place. its a gas station with gourmet food, good prices, and good service. and the market has a lot of cool specialty items you won't necessarily find elsewhere. I've had the salad that has grilled chicken, cranberries, gorgonzola cheese, and it is wonderful. and huge. so it wouldn't be the worst idea to share, or plan on enjoying some later! for breakfast i got the bacon benedict, and it was delicious. my brother had that too and we both loved it. the grit cakes that come with it are really yummy! my grandma has the breakfast wrap and she really enjoyed it as well. if you're in the area, definitely make it a point to enjoy a meal here!
I love this place.  It is so unexpected.  A restaurant at a car wash/gas station/market/etc./etc.  The place is so clean and eclectic, I love it.  The carne asada tacos are amazing, as well as the barbecue.  I tried all the sauces and they are awesome.  On my good behavior days, I have one of their salads, but when I am bad, I go for the Bourbon Pecan Pie,  yes, it is awesome and it will go straight from your lips to your hips, but it is so worth it.  I will be going to the gym, on a Sunday, to try to compensate for my little indulgence.  Thank goodness I have hubby to eat more than half of it.
Great BBQ! They have several awesome BBQ flavors that are all very good.
If you love BBQ, pulled pork,  or brisket then this is the place for you.  I have tried several items on the menu; cuban sandwiches, the three piggies (pulled pork slider) and the chicken tacos.  All were amazing.  They have a variety of BBQ sauces which add a ton of flavor to any dish.  The menu is pretty extensive and the service is fast.
I love this place! the food is really fresh and delicious. i've had the grilled chicken salad a few times, and it's always delicious - the honey chipotle vinaigrette is wonderful! i've also had the bacon eggs benedict for breakfast, which was also really good. my grandma's bleu cheese burger was excellent! i highly recommend this place!
Do you like Taste? Do you like BBQ? Do you ever find yourself licking your fingertips while eating your food!? Well Tom's Thumb has tasty BBQ! I love the pulled pork or smoked chicken sandwich while getting gas and or a car wash!
Food is great, but the service can be slow when they are busy.  One of the better BBQ places in the valley that we frequent when craving BBQ.  I get the two meats with brisket and pulled pork and my wife gets either the tacos with the same meats or the quesadilla.  Overall, we are fans.
Heard about this place a while ago and was looking forward to trying it.  I was pretty hungry after a long hike in the McDowells and wanted to go somewhere quick with good eats.  This was it.  Located at a gas station and car wash I had to double check the address to make sure I was at the correct place.   I had the pulled pork sandwich.  Amazing.  Tender and tasty.  So good, I can eat just the pork without any sauce.  If you do want sauce, they have a number to choose from.  Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.  Great service and friendly staff.
The variety and quality of the food is simply amazing.  Service can be a bit slow during peak times But it's a really awesome gas station café!
Excellent! 

Discovered this place right after they opened and was thrilled with all the BBQ options. I've been about 15 times now and haven't had any issues with service or food quality. I brought some BBQ back to work and now my whole office goes at least once a week too. I usually get the BBQ Tacos or BBQ Brisket. Their Corn is great as well! If you feel like eating there, they have a great patio and you can get your car gassed and washed while you eat. 

Any Midwest BBQ fans out there, try Toms Thumb!
Very delicious food, and great service as well! We really enjoyed our ribs, chili, french fries, cole slaw, and pecan pie! It was great to sit outside on the patio. The prices were good too. We will definitely be returning!
I live right up the street, so after checking the reviews I decided to go to Tom's Thumb for breakfast on a Saturday morning last month.  Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat out.  It feels the most indulgent to me and I'm a coffee fanatic.  I'll take all you can drink java over soda every day of the week.

You go to the counter to order - I give the basic breakfast a try: two eggs anyway you want them, choice of sausage or bacon and home fries with choice of Toast.  so, over-medium, bacon, sourdough.  And a coffee.  Simple enough.  my total was $12, kinda pricy for eggs and bacon, but ok.  I got an order number to take to my table.  They have a dog friendly outdoor patio which my pup and I seated ourselves.  The restaurant is more self service than not.  To be expected in a gas station joint.

My plate came about 10 minutes later.  The eggs were over HARD, the bacon was greasy and soggy and the home fries are a packaged frozen product.  The overall plate was lukewarm at best.  I didn't think you could screw up bacon and eggs, but this is not the dish to order.  They had a number of Mexican breakfast specials on the menu, and maybe they are better.  I didn't want that much food.  

Bottom line - eclectic interior, easy ordering, great patio, kinda pricy, bad basic breakfast.

Stick to the BBQ; sounds delish.
Very disappointing. Heard great reviews from friends so we went despite  reading some of the Yelp reviewers that weren't pleased. My husband and I split the 1/2 rack of ribs. Very small portion and nothing to rave about. Bryan's BBQ is much better.  We also split the truffle Mac and cheese which came out in an iron skillet whick you would expect to be steaming hot and it was just warm and very bland. The baked beans came out of a can!  The women's room was being cleaned during the height  of the dinner hour and they wouldn't let you in even to wash your hands and no extra napkins were given or wet naps. Definitely not worth the trip.
I had tried their tacos at a yelp event a few month ago and since I was in the area, treated a friend to lunch here. I was torn between the tacos and a sandwich, but I opted for the beef brisket sandwich with fries. They are full service on the weekend and our server was very friendly and attentive. The sandwiches come with no sauce and they have a sauce bar for you to. Everything was fresh and tasty. Weird thing - I went to pour ketchup on my fries and there apparently was water in the cap that spilled into my basket, narrowly avoiding my food. This place is near my office so I will definitely be back to try something new.
Snottsdale version of a gas station.  How many places can you go and find 100 octane racing fuel, latte's, basic groceries and good old fashioned BBQ and get your car washed also?  Love the sauce bar for the BBQ.  While it certainly isn't your homespun old school type of any of the above mentioned business they do a good job at combining all of them under one roof.
We need a Tom's Thumb in Gilbert!!

I was visiting some friends and happened across Tom's Thumb Fresh Market.  My main purpose was to get some gas but found a whole lot more!  I knew something was different about this place when I noticed some employees were wearing white jump suits. I found that the car wash employees all wear them.  Such an awesome touch and something I haven't seen anywhere else in the valley.

After talking to one of the employees in a white jump suit about the car wash, I decided to go ahead and get my car washed. Although I didn't get all the wash extras, I was amazed at how clean not only the outside of Market and Car Wash was but the inside of the wash tunnel as well.  Next time you go to a car wash, take a look at the inside of the wash tunnel.  I bet you will not be able to say the same thing! If they can take care of the wash tunnel like that, I knew I would be pleased with the job they would do with my car.

Sure enough,  I couldn't find one thing to complain about! What impressed me the most was the respect they gave to my property and the attention to detail.  I have come to expect less than this at other car wash places.

Fortunately, I had to go inside to pay! I say fortunately because the inside was also amazing.  I felt like I was walking into a high end grocery store / restaurant.  The restaurant was packed and the food looked amazing.  After seeing the quality of the meals being delivered, I would have eaten but I was on my way to my friends house to eat.

After reviewing other reviews about the Market, Car Wash, and food, you can tell they have figured it out.  Hopefully they will expand into Gilbert!!
Great brisket but even yummier sauces, from XXX hot, habanero to multiple kinds of house blend barbecues. I enjoyed my briskets smokiness which was a controlled balance with a super tender outside bark that I enjoyed as much as the meat. Depending on the cut the moist level of the meat can be slightly different however no negative surprises just well crafted southwestern goodness. 

It's been too long and hubby himself being a BBQ virgin, was also quite impressed. He had the cheeseburger but ended up partaking in over half of my dish. Like I told him no risk no reward, so he's learned to at least venture beyond his familiar menu zone, especially when dining in a well documented establishment as Tom's.

As some of you know from my previous posts, being a self-proclaimed potato connoisseur I'm afraid I cant vouch well for Tom's fried shoestrings. Perhaps they spent too much time outside the fryer than in, as the oiliness level and al dente texture wasn't up to par for moi. Thus I'd deduct 0.5 stars for the undercooked spud accompaniment. 

All in all, a good spot to come for casual yet white butcher paper tabletop BBQ cuisine and a car wash/full detail if you so desire.
After my 1st visit, that manager contacted me to say that my experience wasn't up to their standards and would I like to come in and give them another shot, on the house?  Hell, yes I would!!  It means alot to even have a manager respond positively to a customer's poor experience and I told him so.  Nice service recovery (and I need to speak up faster when things aren't up to snuff.  My bad.)  Anyway, went in for breakfast on a Friday.  I ordered the Chorizo and eggs breakfast tacos and a vanilla latte.  The tacos came out pretty quickly; about the same wait time as other diners' around me, so it didn't seem like they put me on a stat order or anything.  The order has two soft tacos on flour tortillas, with a side of salsa.  They were full, but not stuffed.  The eggs were fluffy and hot, the chorizo was not greasy AT ALL (an accomplishment in itself) and the salsa tasted homemade with a nice balance of cilantro and tomato.  The tortillas were fresh and the portions was great.  I struggled to eat the second one; couldn't finish in fact.  This was the experience I wish my 1st one had been.  It was great.  I'll be back now!!
We're new to town and looking for a place to eat with my 14-month old son and my in-laws. We needed fast, close to home, afforable, and good food that's not too fancy for my in-laws who like to keep things pretty basic. I chose Tom's Thumb Fresh Market after reading the rave reviews on Yelp and they delivered on all fronts.  When I told my husband we were going to eat at a BBQ restaurant in a car wash he thought I was nuts. Now he can't wait to go back. 

You'd never expect that kind of quality to come from a car wash restaurant, but the ambiance was casually nice, the service was great, and the food was excellent! I loved my pulled pork sandwich and the rest of the fam thoroughly enjoyed their dinner as well. We also shared the creme brule cheesecake and peach cobbler for dessert and loved it!

 Since it's so close to home, I can definitely see this place becoming a regular spot for us.
I get a chuckle every time I walk into this place, but the food is great.  We've had the convenience store in a car wash with a comfortable waiting area here in the Valley before.  But this place brings it to a whole new level.  Excellent Smoked Brisket, Pulled Pork, and Pulled Chicken, The Sauces are excellent, but my favorites are the Hickory, the Chipotle, and the North Carolina mopping sauce... You can even buy some Hickory wood to bring home that Hickory smoked flavor. I brought along my friend from Texas who thinks all BBQ in the valley is terrible, and only Texas can do it right... He even gave this place his Texas stamp of approval.  So, Bring your hot rod, fill it up with 100 Octane Race Fuel out of a regular pump, get your car washed by guys who look like they belong on a Pit Crew, browse the store for a craft beer, or bottle of wine and enjoy a very excellent Pulled Pork Sandwich (Bring your dog too when it's nice outside as they even have that covered) You too will walk away with a chuckle and smile on your face.
Absolutely amazing! This place rocks!!! I love getting the 3 little pigs- 3 different sliders: brisket, pork and beef. That way I get a little bit of everything. All their different barbecue sauces are incredible too. I especially like the habanero, North Carolina and the xxx varieties. And the shoestring fries? They are so additive! The service is top notch and drink refills are always prompt. This is the beat BBQ I've had in a long time and who'd have guessed I'd find it in a gas station??
We've been here three times and we like it so we keep going back, but today we went for lunch and my husband and I both got the chopped salad.  They were VERY small with not much chicken either.  definitely not worth the $10. Total disappointment.
How awesome is this place? First you combine the upscale gas station/carwash along with a modern cafe with a BBQ focus. Add a really unique and thorough collection of gifts, wine, World Market-esque pantry items (Reminded me of a scaled down version of La Grande Orange's selection) and you get Tom's Thumb. The multi-use of gas station/restaurant may scare some people, but I'm from Kansas City, home of the worlds' most notorious BBQ/gas station combo so it ain't no thing.

We've exhausted pretty much all of the decent Scottsdale/North Scottsdale options and were wanting somewhere new-to-us. Enter going to Tom's Thumb on a whim. It's really convenient to us (just right right up the 101 a few minutes) and if every experience is like this weekend, we will be regulars in no time!

The decor in the restaurant seating area is so cute. A chalkboard drawing of a piggie (with various cuts, so mean), a gigantic, twinkling chandelier, a big row of BBQ sauces and condiments...even a doggie friendly patio! We picked up the menu (As the breakfast crowd got larger, servers began to bring people menus...it's seat yourself, at least for breakfast so pick a place you like!) and perused our options.

Even though it's first and foremost a BBQ place, I found perfectly acceptable vegetarian-friendly items (or ones that could easily omit and ingredient to make it OK)...I went with a delicious breakfast sandwich that consisted of a whole wheat English muffin, an over easy egg (will get over hard next time--drippy goodness!), tomato, arugula and cheddar. So simple and perfect! Boyfriend went with a much more substantial and glorious option: Pigs and grits! Crispy pulled pork served over grits with crumbled jalapeno bacon and cheddar. Of course he added the egg option. He said it was outstanding. 

The ONLY qualm I had was the servers seemed to get overwhelmed as more and more parties came in. Our food didn't take too long to come out, but several tables seemed to wait quite a long time and I overheard one server apologize profusely for it taking so long for him to take an order. I understand that breakfast can be really hard to predict (big rushes all at once, dead for a while, people chugging coffee and wanting 920 refills, etc.) I can definitely overlook this.

I hope they liked our bright and shining faces, because we will be back!
What is not to like at Tom's Thumb Market? Great food, excellent selection of beer and wine and more. Delicious BBQ. No ordinary pit stop. If there ever was a 5 star gas station, this is it.
Such a great concept!
A gas station, a car wash, a restaurant, and a lil shop!

We had the smoked pull pork sandwich and the chicken salad sandwich.
The pull pork sandwich was pretty good. Lots of meat and you get to choose the kind of bbq sauce you want to use from their variety of sauces.
The chicken salad sandwich was okay too.  But I would prefer the pulled pork sandwich over the chicken salad.

This place is kind of far for me, but hey, if im ever in the area, hungry, and needing a car wash, I'd definitely stop by again!
I'm not sure how big the niche is for gourmet southern food while waiting for your car to be detailed, but apparently there is a large enough demographic to develop in one in North Scottsdale.  

The best way to describe it would be to imagine a QT where every aspect of the traditional gas station/convenience store concept was redesigned by the shopkeepers at "La Grande Orange."   

While I didn't have my car shined, I can attest that the southern-ish cafe inside serves up some of the tastiest southern food I've had in the Valley.  They absolutely nail their pulled pork, grits, bacon, eggs, etc - and good lord their Carolina BBQ sauce would fit right at home in Gastonia.  I'll be back with friends - and maybe a dirty car.
Who puts a BBQ grill in the middle of a car wash? Who cares -- it works!!

I've had the brisket and the pulled pork sandwiches for lunch. Both are excellent. Throw on some hickory BBQ sauce (one of a half dozen options), add a side of potato salad, and a Cherry Pepsi  and brother, you're eatin' good! 

Don't like BBQ? What are you nuts? OK, then go for the Portabella mushroom sandwich or Cheeseburger sliders with chipotle aioli. They got you covered, friend.

Prices are reasonable. The staff is patient with first timers so don't feel intimated and ask all the questions you want. Food comes out quick, I didn't even have time to take my number to a table before my meal was ready. There are two large seating areas, both are quiet and relaxing. I don't know what else to say about this place other than "It's good, go there!".

Someday I hope to have my car washed here. In the meantime, Let's EAT!
Flew into town and needed to find a quick meal. For some reason i was thinking "BBQ would be awesome!" so started googling and searching Yelp only to find this Tom's very highly rated. So I drove on over and  was pleasantly surprised by 1) how easy it was to get to 2) how clean and interesting the place is 3) the folks working there were super helpful and 4) the food was great! 

I've had better all around meals but I went ahead and gave 5 stars because the brisket was great, the selection of sauces was excellent (I'm not usually a sauce person and just go for the brisket) and everything was exactly what I wanted on a Sunday afternoon in Scottsdale!

Now I'm just plotting for how to get the guys from work over to this place some afternoon.
On Sunday, July the 14th I took my car as I do once a month to their car wash.  I selected the hand wash for $34.99.  While my car was being washed my son and I had lunch as we always do.  In total I spent about $55..  When my car was done the attendant gave me back my receipt and reminded me to hold on to it as they offer rain checks.
Well to my surprise when I went back on Wednesday, July the 17th they advised me that hand car washes do not qualify for a rain check.    I know $34.99 is not a lot to spend on a car wash and at times I will spend up to $150 on a wash and wax.  The attendant helping me did check with the manager and reiterated that the services I paid for three days ago did not come with a rain check.  
In Arizona it is common practice for a car wash company to offer rain checks and this would have been the 1st time I utilized one.   I will no longer take my car to this location for car washes and/or waxing.  It is not about the money but the principle. It appears that the people at the back end of the car wash are not aligned with their management.  This was truly poor customer service.
Now I am off to Classic Car Spa on Scottsdale Road.
Your food is fantastic!  Breakfast, lunch and dinner!  PLEASE keep it up!  We live about a mile away.  We LOVE telling people from out of town that we are taking them to a at wash for dinner!!!  Hahahahaha!
IMPORTANT: Store opens at 6, hot breakfast starts at 7, lunch at 1030.
I am willing to proclaim after only one visit that this place has the best brisket in Arizona. Oh, and their other food is good too.
Love this place! Went there to get a Tom's hand wash for my car and had lunch while I waited.  Got the pulled BBQ chicken sandwich with chips and a soda.....really good! They did a great job on my car....I will be returning very soon.
Normally you'd think going to a gas station/car wash wouldn't be the most desirable place to grab lunch, but those who think that, obviously have not been to Tom's Thumb!

I work in the area, and make a point to go in every few weeks or so. They have a wide variety of things to order for breakfast or lunch. Staff is always friendly and accommodating. During launch there can be quite a wait for pick up as this place is so busy, but it's definitely worth it.

Their Mac and Cheese is to die for! It's my go to cheat meal and worth every single cheesy bite...yum!

If you're a BBQ fan, awesome sandwiches and a variety of barbecue sauces to choose from. As for the facility itself, it's very clean and more upscale. They have many bottles of wine, beer, snack and cute decor and knick knacks that would make for a nice gift.

A one stop shop! Definitely try it out, if you're in the area :)
Ive been here twice now, once for breakfast and once for dinner.  Everything has been completely amazing.  Don't let the "it looks like a gas station" fool you.  The food served here is incredible.  Ive had the pulled pork sandwich, the breakfast tacos (1 chicken 1 brisket) and the country benedict.  I would highly recommend to anyone
I know I may be squashed by my fellow Yelpers but...I have not been impressed by breakfast here.  I've been here three times now, and the breakfast has been sub-par each time.  In all honesty, I have NOT been here for lunch or dinner so...take my review for what it is worth to you.  I hope to be able to try another meal, but I come here after my morning hike at Gateway Loop.

I still love this place because it is such a surprise in the middle of the desert!  On the outside, you see a car wash and gas station, but on the inside, the gift store rivals AJs!  And in fact, the last time I was there, I was there only to purchase earrings for a Saturday night out!
Some of my best sandwiches in Europe were at gas stations. Never thought I'd have a same experience in the states but this is the place! Even better is the car wash best ever! I can even have a glass of wine! The logistics are a bit confusing at first.
OK, can I just say that this place actually exceeded all the hype I had heard? You may have driven by this gas station/ car wash/ market/ restaurant if you were in the WestWorld area, and not even know you were missing out on the best tacos ever.  Trust me, I'm Mexican, and my family ran a restaurant growing up so I KNOW GOOD TACOS. While BBQ tacos are not typical at your average taco stand, they are truly delicious. I mean juicy, and the perfect combination of sweet, salty, and spicy.  

I had heard it was really nice inside, and I was still pretty taken back when I walked in.  The dining area had a chandelier and linen tablecloths!  Who knew a gas station eatery could be romantic and classy? Such a pleasant surprise to come across this place, y'all seriously gotta check it out.
Oh yeah the BBQ goes hard!  This place has the best BBQ in area...really great market with lots of cheese and meats and really cool decor.
My girlfriend told me we should try this place because of the Yelp reviews - I was thinking she was nuts no way am I ever going to eat at a car wash. This place is unbelievable - great! We got there after 5 so it was sit down dinner only and they had the best service, great food, interesting decor and clean. Definitely well deserved 5 stars - must see to believe.
Amazing BBQ. Don't pass this place up. It's worth the drive. Gas up, get a full service wash and the best pulled pork sandwich west of the Mississippi.
cool place! it's a gas station/gift shop/restaurant/car wash/bakery! crazy! i will say it is upscale and over priced for the gifts.  but it has a bakery with fresh coffee, and small baked goods! met with my wife here, we grubbed the pulled pork sandwiches. was not impressed at all. there were hard bits and chunks in our sandwiches, and it just wasn't very tasty, meat was over cooked and really chewy. Expected way better pulled pork. I'm sure the other food is great, but if you can't master pulled pork at a BBQ place. i don't think i will be coming back.
Being from Oklahoma I crave BBQ. It's one of my favorite things, yet I Have found it really hard to find good BBQ in Phoenix. When I heard about Tom thumbs market I was excited to try it hoping that my passion for pork would be met. Sadly, I had a bad experience with the food. My brisket was so dry that it was turning grey.....

I had some pulled pork as well and it was not quite as dry as the brisket but still not juicy or smokey and lacked flavor. The sauces were good, really enjoyed the Carolina sauce and they had a real good chocolate chip cookie. When it came to the sides I would recommend the cole slaw. It was a lighter vinegar based slaw with lots of flavor. 

With all the positive reviews and from what I heard from other friends it seems as though I maybe was there on a bad day. Maybe I will try again some other time down the road but for now I just couldn't recommend this place to anyone
Wow, i expected so much more. Bad food and servers that didn't know what they were serving. One of the people with me said it was the worse chicken she had ever had.

Too bad, cute place and great fries, but that isn't enough.
This review is for the car wash only. I have great experiences with the gas station when I stop in once or twice a week after work. However today was my first time getting a car wash at this location. I have just driven a car I purchased home from California. It was sorely in need of some TLC from the drive and the recent monsoon weather. "The Thumb" package seemed the best value as it included interior vacuum, tire pressure check, and a 7 day clean guarantee. The end result was a little disappointing as the trunk was not vacuumed, and the front and grill still had many bugs and spots all over it. I would have been happy to buy an add on if I was aware these areas were not part of the package or required special attention. My bad for not checking the trunk before I left, next time I will do a full walk around with the tech.
Absolutely love the concept! High end car wash, detail center, but it does not stop there. As others mentioned, the BBQ is very good, but to have 5 homemade BBQ sauces that are all unique? Get OUT! We have been here 3  Sundays over the past month since finding out about this place through YELP! 

Get the pulled pork. It is awesome!
I have also had the Eggs Benedict and it was also wonderful.

The deserts are also VERY GOOD and VERY FRESH! I love the lemon bar. It is a standout favorite for me. 

When my folks come in to visit in December, Tom's thumb will be on the docket!
We choose this place because of Yelp's ratings. Very tasty food at a reasonable price. The smoked meats were delicious! The fire roasted corn appetizer, yummy! Only minor issue was our server who apparently had a rough night before was forgetful, charged wrong but apologetic.  Otherwise worth the trip!!!
Love this place for a casual dining experience. Great pulled pork and chicken.  Also many BBQ sauces to choose from and the best fries in the world. Service is typically very good although it can be server-dependent.
Thumber, I'm taking you down a couple 'o stars after what happened yesterday. 
What should have been a simple lunch turned into a fiasco beyond the limits of all of imagination, or at least mine anyway.

The two meat plate, brisket and ribs, were delivered as a one meat plate. I was nice, but firm with the server. You have to be firm. 

   "Uh, wasn't this a two meat plate?" I say in my 'I mean business, bitch' tone.

Looking at the receipt, "Yes, it sure was, I am sooo sorry [giggle]."

A few moments later...

   "Uh, wasn't this supposed to be brisket and ribs and not two orders of brisket?"

Looking at the receipt again, "Well looky there, you're right again [annoying giggle]."

Jesus, Thumber. 
Is it so damned hard to look at the delivery receipt, then take a moment to glance at the plate to verify the order? C'mon....what the hell?

If I was blind, and walking stick'd my way in here for lunch, ordered, and upon delivery, started fumble-fingering my way through the plate only to find I'd been cheated on the two-meat lunch special, well that would be pretty fucking low, don't ya think?
Fucking with a blind man like that? Wow. 

Jesus Thumbski, get it together.
My kind of car wash.

Beer, wine, gourmet deli foods, great bbq, and awesome cupcakes.

The car was washed pretty thoroughly and they had a huge line going in from a lot of yelp members.

Service was great and very friendly.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
I've had the pleasure to visit this oasis tonight for a Yelp event I was lucky enough to be invited by an Elite.  
First of all, let me start off by saying my car wash was great my car smells of vanilla (total chick scent).
This place is AMAZING.  I am disappointed in myself that I had not been here sooner.  This place is crazy cool.  It has a coffee bar, a bakery, a restaurant with great BBQ, a convenience store, plenty of fancy market items like this homemade butter that one of my friends raves about.  It's a gift store as well.  There were plenty of items I wanted for myself.  Tons of greeting cards for all occasions and for all types of personalities. They've got the sweet birthday cards with pictures of beautiful flowers on them and then they've got the crazy humor birthday cards with 2 old ladies on the front of them talking about the slut in the nursing home, which is my kind of cards I love to give.  
They sell wine by the bottle. This is not like the wine selection you see in Circle K. This is the selection you'd see in Cost Plus or AJ's. 
The bakery, ohhh the bakery.... Was yummy. They had beautiful cakes you could have custom made. Take a look at the pics I posted. These ladies are talented.  They made cupcakes, cookies, beautiful cakes, chocolates and cinnamon rolls. My friend and I got excited about the cupcakes and she talked to these incredible ladies about custom cupcakes for the Breaking Bad finale.  We encouraged them to sell these cupcakes for the finale.  I will post a picture when we get them. For all you Heisenberg fans, lets just say these cupcakes will be blue.   Looking forward to ordering more themed cupcakes in the future. 
Toms Thumb Fresh Market has many areas for you to sit and hang while waiting for your car to get washed or to have a bite or a drink.  I'm looking forward in sitting in the Avaition Chairs that I had seen at Restoration Hardware the week before.... Yeah, the chairs are over $1,500 each!
There is nothing bad I can say about this GEM.  I know I' missing tons of other things about this place.  My mind is blown over everything in Tom's Thumb Fresh Market.  I'm just looking forward to go back.
The concept of a car wash/boutique/restaurant was completely unique and unexpected as I arrived for a Yelp event. We dropped off my car, walked inside and were greeted with nice smells, smiling employees and tons of merchandise! We were able to sample a couple brews, wines, food and dessert during our duration, all while getting a free car wash! The food was tasty, I especially liked the brisket tacos and coleslaw. The desserts were also very good...I tried the oreo cupcake and a cookie. Employees were quick to take your empty plates away and refill your drinks almost instantaneously, 5 star service for sure! 

As we walked around the market, we noticed kitchy items, wines, car products, beverages galore, clothes, scarves...the list goes ON AND ON! Of course, everything was completely overpriced but that is to be expected in Scottsdale. The cute coasters I wanted were almost $40 for 4...yeah right! We didn't catch the demos and after wandering around the store, we walked out to get the car. The car wasn't there so we walked to the front to ask someone where it was then were told to walk to the back (again) to get the car, where were told it was parked in the front. That was confusing...good thing my car was left in a garage type area next to an incredible Lambo! Keys were left inside my car after the car wash, which made me a little uncomfortable because who knows who could have hopped a wall and drove off with my car. 

We ended up getting gas at another store (gas here is at least 20 cents more a gallon than most) and upon further inspection, noticed the car wash wasn't very good. I noticed lots of white spots on my black car and had to wipe down areas that the attendants should have...at least it was a free car wash. I don't live anywhere close to here so it was a nice surprise to come here and enjoy a different experience. I think this place would do really well out in a rural area or be a great stop on a long road trip for good food and merchandise.  Maybe an idea for expansion?

Thank you Tom's Thumb and Yelp for a overall good time.
This review is for the car wash:
WOW! They did a wonderful job, I had spilled something on my passenger's seat and asked if they would be able to get it clean as well even though that's not part of the interior/exterior wash and they did. They could have pushed a detail package on me which I wouldn't have purchased but instead they went above and beyond and because of that I will definitely be back.
I've been eating at Tom's Thumb since it opened...before anyone knew about the little gas station with great brisket.  I would tell everyone about it.  It even became a joke at work:  "who wants to go to the gas station for lunch?"  

However, the owner has changed meat vendors, and now it's awful.  For every 1 oz of beef, you get 2 oz of fat.  And based on my last two visits, the words out.  No one is happy with the change, including the staff.  They need to back to what was working...good food, happy customers, and great word-of-mouth advertising.
@quinterogolf
We are so happy to have Tom's Thumb in the neighborhood of our corporate office.  It is the best place for BBQ.  The wonderful part is your car is cleaned while you eat!
Wait a minute! Gas station, car wash, and restaurant? You've never seen anything like it. Not your father's fillin' station. Quality and class to make this an eclectic oasis. Super selection of wines and beer to enjoy with your food or to take home. (They are happy to accommodate your custom wine order at very affordable and fair prices.) Cool merchandise for you shoppers. Okay...get your car babied while you enjoy some great BBQ (homemade sauces galore on the side), or your favorite coffee done in a Parisian style with a freshly baked good done on premise. Come to Tom Thumb for the experience and stay for the show. Unsurpassed service and friendly staff.
Good concept....poor performance. I love me some BBQ....especially while waiting for my car.  However theirs was dry.  I was excited to try the pulled pork omelet with mozzarella.   People must be deprived of good bbq in NorSco because this was weak.  Now I will try again because I have to have some brisket.  But never again with the pork or eggs.  BOO.
Came here for the car wash and ended up having one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I've had in Arizona. This place really is one of the "Yelpiest" businesses in the Scottsdale area due to its unusual combination of offerings.

It's a massive convenience market in a sense, everything from a gas station/car wash to a BBQ bistro and convenience store inside. 

The sandwich was nothing short of delicious, and I tried 3 of their home made sauces which were all very good.  All of the staff were great, especially since I was a first timer and Tom's can be a bit overwhelming when you first arrive. I'm 100% sold on this place now, and I'll definitely be returning to try the brisket - and maybe a car wash too.
The market is a good stop off for a quick bite to eat, a car wash or a refreshing drink.  The staff always seems to be friendly and the places clean and well organized. 

The gas portion is the major downside to this location.  It always seems to be about $0.30 higher per gallon then gas stations in the surrounding area.  I drive 10 minutes away from this location to get home and the gas is always cheaper by far.  

Overall: B
Food is good.  Staff is friendly.  Gas is overpriced.
A brilliant concept! Fresh tasty food and drinks (and a yummy looking pastry bar) all while you get the best car wash of your cars life! The wait for the car wash was well worth it and I happily passed the time while having a delicious lunch (crap cakes on mixed greens) and browsing the stores cute little market section. I just moved to the neighborhood and this will be my regular spot!
Terrific ribs, mediocre cole slaw.  Good service and it was a beautiful evening last Friday night when we ate there, outdoors.  I'm a Minnesotan and eating outside in mid-October was a treat.  Really, how many places can you have a nice meal while you get your car washed?  I ask you.   I would go back in a heartbeat but don't know that I'll ever go to Scottsdale again (my family member there died and we were in for a funeral service.  :-(

BEST part:  I swear on all that holy and pure that our waiter was either Mark Bittman or his long lost twin!
A very unique place. I had tried their yummy BBQ at the Elite yearly event at Ft. McDowell and I heard other Elites raving about the newer event they sponsored there in September 2013. So when on the way to Westworld and I noticed I needed gas, coincidentally this is the place we ended up. 

The place is a boutique, coffee bar, restaurant, convenient store, and gas station all in one. Sounds strange huh? It is, but wonderful. Got gas on the way to Westworld last night and then tried to stop on the way back for eats and browsing but they were already closed.

The staff let us in anyway to use the bathroom even though they were closed. We were very grateful for that. It was a long drive home. lol-- On the way out the door we were delighted to chat for a few minutes with some of the staff and they were beyond gracious and wonderful. The items I saw were darling and the coffee bar items looked fantastic. 

Thank you for your kind help Tom Thumb. How about a store on the west side?
Oh my oh my!  You want your carnivore fix you come here! Very flavorful BBQ! sometimes I'll eat it without the sauce so I can taste the smokey woody flavor.  Can't decide what I like best, the pulled pork or chicken or beef. Just get it all. Of course the sauces are all very interesting too. My kids are actually quiet through our meals here becuz they're busy shovelling the scrumptious mac and cheese into their mouths. Also the little restaurant corner actually has ambience and it's nice to stroll thru the market afterwards.
My first visit was last week with my girlfriends and we had a great meal (pulled pork...awesome).  All of us enjoyed the food, the service and the eclectic atmosphere.  It exceeded my expectations.  As after hearing we were going to lunch place that was attached to a car wash and gas station...well let's say i did not have high hopes.  Boy was i surprised it was great.  I liked it so much went back on Sunday with my husband.  Another great experience.  Great prices and great food.  Try it!!!!
The pastries at Tom's Thumb are seriously delicious!  Just looking in the case at all the sweets my mouth was watering.  So of course we ended up getting a big assortment of goodies.  I cannot stress enough, the cinnamon rolls are AMAZING!!  Buttery and delicious!  I also tried the lemon poppyseed muffin and a chocolate chip cookie and both were fabulous.  I would recommend that anyone in the area stop by and stock up on the sweets.  And if I lived closer I'd definitely see chef Kelly about ordering a cake or cupcakes for my next party, all her decorated desserts were just beautiful!
This is a really neat spot. The barbecue is fantastic, there's all sorts of neat gifts and nice  wine's to purchase. The bakery is absolutely unbelievable. Kelly made the best birthday cake I have ever eaten and I can't thank her enough for the wonderful job she did.

 Now on to the car wash. I have gone to Cobblestone many times and left disappointed with a below average job on my car but a significantly above average price. Every single staff member is fantastic to deal with. No one has ever been rude to me and they go out of their way to ensure that the job is done perfectly.

There is no high-pressure to purchase additional services or any washes above what you ask for. There is no one looking to fix scratches on your windshield and asking for your insurance information to pay for the services. I know two employees by name who recognize me every time I come in. If you have a chance asked to speak with Jason or Billy, they are remarkable employees and the owner of this business should feel blessed that he has them at his store.

As far as some of the other reviews go, the barbecue is excellent. I am from Texas and I smoke my own meat at home. Their food is consistently aboveboard and is fairly priced. If you're looking for a great lunch spot while getting your car washed this is the only place in north Scottsdale to go.
Have been here three times, twice for lunch and once for dinner.  Had a great experience all around. The BBQ is fabulous (6 sauces to choose from) and the pulled pork just melts in your mouth!  The 3 tacos selection is  great as well.  Service is top notch.  This is a great local go-to place and is on the top of my and my husband's list.  Go for the food!
Another bad car wash in Scottsdale.  This isn't a hand car wash so if you're looking for swirl marks and paint damage this is your spot. On top of that they use a track so you can almost expect damaged rims. Cars are parked tandem during drying. If your car is finished before the car ahead of you, you get the challenge of backing out of the obstacle course of employees, air lines, and other equipment. Then you can drive around the other cars to exit. Service is slow and the employees put no effort towards efficiency. 

Furthermore the prices on the website aren't accurate and the website hasn't been updated in ages. 

On top of that they don't give you the option for cash back to tip when you pay for your car wash. So you either have to use their shady rent an ATM or have cash on you which no one has on them these days. 

The food here isn't good. The pork sandwich featured dry pork and mushy bread.

I wouldn't recommend eating here or having your car washed here if you actually care about your car.
Wanted to follow up / expand on my initial review to say that we LOVE the food at Tom's - the BBQ is delish and it's definitely an easy stop off to grab a bite.  They have a really large selection of food items, both at the counter and throughout the store (there are even some organic / local items in the back fridge door - check 'em out!).  

The gas statement made in the first review was only in comparison to the area we live in, which is cheaper than most of the Phoenix central and Scottsdale areas since we are close-ish to Cave Creek gas prices in general seem to be cheaper in that area.  (Thanks Scott D. for pointing out any confusion that may have caused!)

Overall, their gas prices for N. Scottsdale are in the middle.  The Chevron around the corner is about $0.09 cheaper for a gallon at this moment, but let me tell you it's worth the extra $1.00 in gas to be able to get good food in a clean and friendly place!  I do fill up at this location on occassion when I am headed home and don't have enough gas to get there (I totally run the car down to "E" and live on the edge) and I'll always go in for snacks, candy or a drink.

Overall: gonna upgrade to an A-
The food is good.  Staff is friendly.  Gas is overpriced ONLY when compared to my home area - not in comparison to the surrounding area and it's worth the few extra cents to get some yummy food!
Plenty of brisket and potato salad for two meals!
I'm so impressed with this place!  What a great change up from the norm!  Everything is done so well.  Friendly staff and an awesome carwash!
I just love this place... It's something different and fun... Great space and fun atmosphere... It's like a 21st century general store style market and eatery!!!!! Great gifts, wine, baked goods and BBQ... What else could you ask for. This is my first review and I have been an avid yelper for months now... That's how great this place is!!
If you are looking for a rub and a pulled pork this is the place. The Campfire Bistro in the Tom Thumb Market is a hidden gem you would never think of stopping at since it is located in a car wash. The food is outstanding!
The brisket tacos are excellent and very filling. Three soft shells with 3 health cut strips of brisket each, a side of salsa and onion/tomato/lettuce makes this a yummy and filling lunch. The caprase sandwich is a lite lunch and very tasty as well. 
The bistro is very busy right at noon, best to get there a little early are a little later. Pulled pork is also popular and they have daily specials. Prices are reasonable with meals ranging from about $7-10. Highly recommended.

I've also tried the bistro for breakfast and although good, I was less impressed than I have been at lunch. I had a pulled pork and cheese omelet. The pork was dry and bland. There was little taste to the omelet, it might have been better with a salsa or sauce. Waffles are small. Breakfast potatoes are ho-hum ordinary.
Love it here!  Chopped salad with smoked chicken was delicious.   Great fries and bbq..... at the car wash!!!  Love to browse the great wines and gift items too.
The original brisket is back. All is good again.  Thanks for listening to your customers.
Stopped in for lunch today, excellent pulled pork sandwich. Also tried the beef brisket, absolutely awesome meal. I would recommend either of those sandwiches. Looking forward to conquer the rest of their menu!
This is the most bizarrely great place!   I stopped for a car wash, but then walked into a wine store, gourmet BBQ Cafe and vintage shopping store.   The food is really good, the atmosphere is relaxing and homey.   Not sure I'll ever get my car washed at a mainstream wash again!
I have been meaning to try out Tom's Thumb for a while.  Sadly I missed the Yelp event here a few months ago.  Lucky for me I had a carshow at near by westworld and finally had an excuse to stop on by.  

This place is cool, it's an all in one carwash, BBQ, bakery, and convenice store.  I really liked the idea.  Reminds me of an upsale Rudy's in Texas.   Ordered the pulled pork sandwich and brisket sandwich and shared with my friend,  I liked them booth but the pulled pork was my favorite.  

I also ordered a cupcake which was yummy as well.  I enjoyed my lunch and would come back.
Went here for dinner without a car wash. Full rack of ribs slathered in sauce with two sides (I chose coleslaw and fries). The meat was moist and came easily off the bone. It was certainly not the best ribs I've ever had, but solid nonetheless. The sides were average.

It's an interesting little eating space on the inside. Certainly not charming, but not without its own eclectic character.

Our servers were attentive and nice, although I felt a bit rushed by them at the end of the meal.

We did a quick walkthrough after the meal and scanned high end gas station fare with plenty of kitschiness and some Restoration Hardware furniture for lounging. Not your average place whether you are getting gas, a car wash, leopard print steering wheel covers, a beverage to go, a brisket, etc., etc.
Great meats.  Fries are a must.  The building has lots of places to buy specialty food and beer items. Plus you can get gas and a car wash. But the main reason to make this your destination is the barbecue. The ribs are crazy good
Saw the reviews and couldn't resist visiting a BBQ in the middle of car wash. In fact, the BBQ was great. There were great choices, reasonably priced, plus a wonderful set of sauces, including South Carolina's mustard-based and North Carolina's more fluid vinegar-based one. Plus aioli - how can one resist? The manager stopped by to chat about BBQ around the country. Arthur Bryant's of Kansas City came up, the Gold Standard,  but this is definitely in the same league!
Tom Thumb's Campfire Bistro tacos were the best thing at Yelp's Western Adventure!  Other than the Tequila Bus :-)  I've been to Tom Thumb and eaten at Campfire many times.  Their Yelp event was great fun too.  This morning we took the kids for gingerbread house building event they had.  Terrific as always.
We came to the Gingerbread house decorating event with the twins.  What a great time.  It was nicely organized.  They set the tables in the back and the smaller children had the houses ready to decorate, while the older ones could build them from scratch.  Then they had a table set up with different candies and pretzels and a sample house so you can decide what to do with your house.  The event was amazingly cheap, it was only $10 per child and it included breakfast of eggs, bacon, toast and fruit.  The twins had a blast and enough candy to keep them wired for the rest of the day.  Thank goodness the nanny is coming later.
Oh so yummy.   The breakfast actually turned to lunch.   3 outstanding tacos Pulled Chicken & Pork and Brisket.   I didn't get my car washed as rain was in the forecast.    My spouse had the 2 meat plate and didn't share.   He was highly impressed, service was stellar and refills on drinks never stopped.   

The menu has a nice variety for every appetite.   Do try the corn, it was a nice treat and they even cut it in half for sharing.    Don't stop there, make sure to finish it off with a nice tasty desert.    The cupcake was just the right bite to finish a very nice morning.
Update! The breakfast tacos are LIFE!!! (Service still takes a lil while though...but it's worth it)
What about the carwash you ask???  They do a great job.  Fairly priced and better then Dannys for sure.  Less busy too.  I had the mini detail done and it was under 1:30 and a great job.  So the food is pretty bomb.  Not much BBQ in these parts other then dickeys and the Baby back ribs at White Chocolate(Amazing).  For what they offer it is spot on with exception of the sides.  Oh they are tasty but WAY overpriced and WAY undersized which is unfortunate for a GAS STATION. The pulled pork, beans, slaw and brisket are perfect.  With the latter being spotty sometimes by being over smoked.  The salads were great and everything else we have had has been favorable.  I just can't get over the portion size and cost ratio even for North Scottsdale.  If that changed we would eat here more. One last thing is the service.  There is an older grouchy guy who works the counter at the restaurant.  Each time he is a DB.  Just saying.  Mean people suck.  Everyone else is cool but this guy is a grouch.  If you see him tell him to smile and not be grouchy.  It seems to piss him off more.
I will start by saying I am born and raised in Texas so I have very high expectations of BBQ. These expectations have not been met anywhere in Arizona until I tried Tom's Thumb. This is a great little spot inside of the car wash. 

I did have one bad experience where the plastic wrap that they keep the meat in was actually INSIDE of my pulled pork sandwich. This was very disturbing to me and left a bad taste in my mouth. I was even more surprised that they did not do anything for me in this situation. This could have been a serious choking hazard and made someone sick if not kill them. 

Never the less, the food is usually always great and they just had one mess up. I won't hold that against them forever because mistakes happen. 

If you want some good BBQ this is the place to go!
While waiting for my car wash, I ordered the crispy pulled pork over creamy grits with jalapeño bacon (think it was called Pig & Grits) for a late breakfast. At any rate, the inventor of this concoction is an evil genius -- it was awesome and I *highly* recommend. My son ordered the Mac and Cheese and he loved it too. We love this place!!!

Oh yeah, they do a really good job washing your car as well... :)
Back at The Tom Thumb Market and Car Wash. Wonderful service and hospitality. Greeted by Mike who treated me and my family like returning VIP's and set the stage for a superb experience. Gary, the cashier was equally impressive. Food was delicious and as is ALWAYS the case, the car wash service is the best in California and Arizona!
On each trip from SOCAL to Scottsdale to visit family we always look forward to visiting Tom Thumb and are never disappointed.
By far the best car wash in town. They take the time to pay attention to detail. Quality vs quantity. AND, the cafe/market is amazing. You can find anything you want/need!!!
OK, to be fair, my fellow Yelpers must know that the Manager of Tom's Thumb has attempted to remedy my last review by asking me to come again.  I LOVE that gesture, and it was very much appreciated!  I am only sorry that it took me so long to 1) return, and 2) to update my review.

I returned in November to an updated menu and better service, which was a most pleasant surprise!  I would like to say my breakfast experience was different, and it was a bit better, but not markedly so.  Like I said earlier, please don't let me taint you, as I don't really think that breakfast is their specialty.  Go for lunch or dinner.

But please also remember that the Manager did try to do the right thing.  We're simply not getting it JUST right (Mama Bear).  :-)
Their Cubano is excellent!  Looks like a gas station on the outside, but go inside and get lunch at the grill.  You'll be amazed at how good their Cubano (or the pulled pork, ribs) sandwich is.
My coworkers and I refer to this place as the fancy gas station. I love the pulled pork sandwich. You can also get your car washed while you have lunch which is nice.
Awesome place... a bit on the expensive side but all the food is very good and so are the sweets.
Decided to try something everyone wasn't raving about since everyone was saying their food was so good. Apparently no one tried the Mac and cheese. It was bland and could probably feed about 3 people. Way too huge for lunch. There were bread crumbs on top that could've been omitted and I think it could've used some salt. Will probably not be coming here again.  Plus who likes eating in a corner store/ car wash with limited seating.
I love this place! I stop here after my rides with friends for breakfast (breakfast tacos are delicious). I love to meet people here for meetings over coffee because it's not Starbucks... Have had many items from the menu and can't say I've had anything bad. The Mac & Cheese was especially good! The staff is friendly and the manager is great! Try this place, if you haven't already.
Save your money and avoid this place!  For $15.24, I ordered the two meat platter with the beef brisket and pulled pork, which was lacking a side dish and some of the beef brisket that was very dry. The pulled pork was delicious and the down low barbecue sauce was very good, but that's about all that was good about this meal. I got my order to go and gave them a call once I got home and realized that it was missing a good portion of the meal. Was extremely disappointed! The lady that I spoke with told me to come in at my convenience and she would give me a compt'd meat platter. When I went to collect, a very rude guy told me that he had no idea what I was talking about and that they could not help me. This place is absolutely ridiculous and I would never recommend this to anyone! Very over priced bbq with horrible customer service!
Little gem hidden as a front for a gas station. High end looking BBQ place. 

Just plain good BBQ.  I hate my meat drowning in sauce. That's not real BBQ.  Their smoked pork and chicken is just that - smoked. They've got several sauces for you to try out which aren't too bad either considering I don't usually like sauces.  Chipotle being the favorite for me and my friends. Brisket is good too from what friends tell me. 

Prices are about right for BBQ. Love that it's down the street too. Highly recommend you check it out. They've got a great little gift shop too.
It's a shame.  I really wanted to like this place. ...as I live close by.  I went there at 6pm on a Friday.  There was only 2 other tables sat in the place.  FYI, this place is basically just like the inside of any gas station, but it has some tables in one corner that they call a restaurant.  They have a sign that says "please wait to be seated",  I stood next to this sign for 10 minutes before some one walked by, and I had to stop them and ask "How do I get seated?" To which he replied, oh, I didn't see you.   I was with my wife and son,btw.  We get seated, and my 23 month old son is cranky, so I order a cup for him that I can put his milk in, and me and my wife order a water and a coke,  the waitress comes back with just my coke.  I ask again for the cup for my son, she then brings it.  i order fries just to have something quick to keep my son happy while we wait for our food and me and my wife get the caprese flat bread.  By the time someone else brings the food out, it is cold.  My son starts into the fries right away (which weren't bad despite being cold)  My wife and I try to eat the cold caprese flat bread and it was so bland, there was no balsamic vinaigrette that you normally get with a dish like this.  We have to grab her attention again to order our food, and order a side of balsamic vinaigrette.  After 20 minutes, with a cold uneaten caprese and fries almost depleted, i go up to the counter and request the vinaigrette again - she finally gives it to me, and we dump it on our cold soggy flat bread, which makes it about 1% better.  Another 30 minutes pass, My son has now finished the entire plate of fries, too full to eat any real food.  i go up to tell our waitress that we are going to need our food to go.  She says ok.  Minutes later, she walks up with our food on dishes, and sets a couple boxes down with it.  basically saying, i know the food was bad and late and you're had shitty service, but here, you can box it too.  This was the icing on the cake.  Bad food, horrendous service, bad atmosphere.  Did I mention over-priced?  $14.00 for a sandwich and the smell of the car wash coming through, no thanks.
Not really sure it is a "hidden gem" anymore and surprised not more people now about this place. Had the taco's trios with all three of the meats: smoked chicken, pulled pork, and brisket. All three were very good but my favorite was the brisket. Great smoke flavor and super tender. For someone eating their for the first time, this is a great way to sample the different meats that are offered. 

If you find yourself there for lunch (weekdays only) the brown bag special is a great deal as it includes a large pulled pork sandwich, chips, and drink for like $8. The pulled pork is some of the better pulled pork in town and the pickled veggies that come on the side are a nice addition. Another good sandwich is their  version of the Cuban which they used their pulled pork in place of ham.

If you drink yourself up in the area, definitely check out "the thumb".
Wait... This is a gas station. Wait... This is a car wash. Wait... This is a restaurant? No way! I had a client request a business meeting and she recommended this place. I hadn't been here before, so I went to Facebook to see if my friends had experienced it. Apparently their BBQ pork sandwich is amazing. It. IS! I ordered that, had a few sides of BBQ sauce, some fries and was set. It was an amazing dining experience and I can't wait to go back. Oh, and the place was packed. Talk about a hidden gem!!!
Love getting a great meal while my car is getting washed. Hands down the best car wash in Scottsdale. 
The Mac & Cheese is amazing!
We frequent Tom's Thumb, and enjoy the barbecue. The General manager truly cares about the each customer's experience.
To the women and her daughter who found Tom's Thumb unable to produce some 'Girl Scout blah blah blah....' and who drove from Glendale for a piece of pie....and went all the way back to Glendale...sat down to blast a fine establishment for not knowing about a good deed they did...and for them to have NOT have a silly piece of pie...Really?  All the way from Glendale?

The promotion for them to be a SPONSOR was no doubt pitched some time ago.  Things fall thru the cracks when business is booming. I can only give Tom's Thumb a "tip of the hat," for supporting whatever program benefited from this event and their generosity.  You seem to have forgotten that TOM'STHUMB are the GOOD GUYS!  They paid for the"Ooh La La Whatever."  THEY WERE A SPONSOR.  THEY PAID.

I go to Tom's EVERYDAY.  I have taken advantage of their unlimited monthly hand wash pass...and,while waiting for my car,  I have a magnificent breakfast...cooked to order...while one cars is detailed. ($79.00 per car per month per car) The pass for their standard wash is only $59.00 and you can wash your car all day...everyday...for 30 days.

Every staff member at Tom's is courteous, friendly, and on a first name basis with MANY of their customers.... they all very hard to please.

I never go to get a wash at lunchtime, as the restaurant is jam packed almost everyday.  It's unfortunate you caught the kitchen on a challenging day, as crowds of people stand in line for food.  How bad could it be if crowds of people stand in line for their great menu?

(BTW: My wife and I had a $300 dinner at a famous, local, high end steakhouse...and it was way off par.  We have eaten there for years, and had ONE BAD MEAL.)

I mentioned my experience to that manager, who promptly did everything in his power to make it right.  I have since been back and have continued to enjoy their fine food.  Who isn't allowed an off night?

I have NEVER HEARD anyone working at Tom's Thumb say "no" to anyone...for any reason.

I am a client, happy customer, and friend to most of the crew at TT's.  I would bet a month's wash pass that if you spoke to the General Manager about your disappointment in their food and service, he would graciously wash/serve whatever you weren't happy with. They care...they listen...they do good 95% of the time.  

If you can help on the 5% disappointment issues, I know they would be interested.

In my opinion, they exceed ALL of my expectations.

Your unfortunate review of one star stands out like a sore thumb, as the vast majority of their loyal clients think the place is great.

Rather than pout and complain, take another ride from Glendale to Tom's Thumb...politely speak to the manager....and give it another try.  They have earned it...and they deserve it.

Larry
In a gas station, really?

Great food, excellent car wash, and a wonderful staff!

The kids love the mac-n-cheese, and us parents crave the authentic BBQ.  And while we eat, we have the car washed and shop for unique gifts.

What a great concept!
My friend was staying at a fancy schmancy hotel in North Scottsdale so it was the perfect opportunity to hit up this spot.  It was worth the drive! We had the 3 piglets and taco trio.  Meats were generous and full of flavor. Different BBQ sauces for you to mix-and-match. Prices are reasonable for the food and atmosphere. Not outrageously expensive. I will definitely be coming back here. Tom's Thumb will join Oklahoma Joe's on my list of awesome gas-station-bbq joints.
Best BBQ in town...and a great carwash..I drive out of my way every week to come here mostly for the carwash and occasionally will treat myself to the BBQ especially the BBQ tacos (get one of each meat)

I wish they sold bottles of their BBQ sauces instead of in the styrofoam containers.

In short ..everything here is excellent!!
I feel badly giving this place only 3 stars because the food was really good.  We were there on a Saturday night and the service was unbelievably awful. There are 5 employees standing around not really sure of what they're doing. Needs some management to guide these people.  Anyways, I highly recommend the brisket tacos and pork tacos. My sons comment about the ribs was they were some of the best he's had. The sauces were great. Definitely worth going but maybe go for take out.
A gas station with a restaurant or a restaurant that happens to have some gas pumps? 

Super impressed by their pull pork and massive amounts of barbecue sauce options from hickory to North Carolina (vinegar based). 

In addition to a bakery and grill, you can also find cute niknaks and stationary. If there was ever a North Scottsdale gas station, this is it!
Such a cool place, never knew it was here!  Highly recommend and cant' wait to go back and try breakfast.

Had the BBQ, its was fantastic, and we loved the fact that they have so many sauce choices so that each of us could have it the way we want it!

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
Great food but the service is so bad it's almost funny. ALMOST. I don't know of it's worth waiting for my food and having to ask constantly for refills. I would try it once but I don't recommend coming back for seconds.
Did we go to a different place than everyone else writing a review here?

We went for the BBQ and really really really wanted to like this place. We give it one-half star for better than average pulled pork, another half for the wonderfully weird environment (including a rather nice wine and beer selection...in a car wash no less),  and another whole star for an array of truly delicious BBQ sauces. 

As to the rest...not so good. The ribs were a huge disappointment. The online menu says "St. Louis ribs"; the in-house menu doesn't say. In fact they were baby backs which we don't care for. Much, much worse: THEY DON'T SMOKE THEM AT ALL! We were told the ribs are "baked" (we thought they'd been boiled, but what's the difference after all), had little or no seasoning or rub on them, and came out slightly mushy and totally tasteless.
 
The brisket was rather dry and had little flavor. On the other hand, the sweet potato fries were great. The mac and cheese was decent as were the baked beans. The vinegar cole slaw could have been great but wasn't.

The peach cobbler (which they gave us for free because we voiced that we didn't care for the ribs) was inedible: a few of the erratically sized slices of fruit were cooked perfectly while many others were rock hard and raw. We tasted only sugar. 

It seemed to us that whoever was in the kitchen simply didn't care.
OK you all made me do it. With all the rave reviews I thought wow so I went.  Maybe because it was a Monday night I should have known better. I ordered the brisket platter and the meat was barely room temp and dry. The really terrific waitress apologized and brought me another portion and it was the same!  Not her fault but I guess you get leftovers on Mondays. I may give the place another try and diffinately on a different day. No excuse for not having hot food. The sides were good and the service great so I gave it 2 stars.
Tried this place for the first time today and it was delicious. Had the chicken tacos, as I am not a fan of pork. They were very good. Also stole a few fries from my friends plate and loved them. :) my only complaint was that the tortillas did get a bit mushy while consuming.. But that wasn't completely unexpected. Also tried the chipotle barbecue and a couple others and liked them. All had a little something different to offer. Had the Nutella cupcake tonight--as i was too stuffed to cobsider after lunch and I was definitely a fan. Will return!
Awesome lunch!!  Had the cheeseburger sliders, hubby had the BBQ tacos. All were awesome in a very clean gas station restaurant with plenty of seating!!!
Another trip to Scottsdale and another visit to the Tom Thumb Market and Car Wash. 
Had lunch today and the food, service and car wash were ALL superb. Also, the gift  and wine selection in the Market are "second to none"!
Every aspect of the Tom Thumb Market and Car Wash consistently impress and FAR exceed our expectations. 
Can't say enough about the food quality and customer service.
This review was based more on the service then the food. If the service was up to par and I didn't dell like we were not wanted there it would probabaly be a 4. Food was great! But the service. First when we got there the "greeter" did not seemed to be thrilled we were there when seating us but she was great compared to our waitress. She took forever to come and take oure order and when she did she has a smile on her face but seemed disapointed when she had to serve us. When we got our food and asked for BBQ sauce she looked at us like we were idiots and pointed to the bottles. Once we were done eating again ti took a good 10-15 minutes for her to get us our check, had to ask the bus boy to get her for us. I thought I may have been sensitive but both of my sons's that were with me commented on how rude she was. Oh well one place I won't be back to.
This is the best and easiest BBQ in North Scottsdale.  My wife and I get takeout here once a month at a minimum.  I would highly recommend checking it out. At first, it may seem like a car wash or gas station but you will quickly realize it is one of the best spots around.
This place was an absolute gem! You certainly do not expect to find the most delicious food inside a gas station/car wash.  

I ordered the beef brisket and slow-cooked pork platter and was not disappointed. The meat was all very tender and juicy replete with an amazing selection of BBQ sauce to drown your meat in.  Personally, I do not like it when any dish comes out of the kitchen drenched in sauce, so this setup was definitely a plus in my book!  

Come here if you like BBQ and good meat!
the slider trio was excellent the slaw on the sliders is a nice compliment, I would recommend the brisket slider it tastes the best out of the chix and pork, the chipotle bbq sauce is bomb as well
The food is awesome. I especially like the blacken catfish. Also the bbq tacos are really good. All this at a freaking has station
This truly IS a one-stop shop!!! From good food, to great wine, to shopping, getting gas, or a car wash!
Oh toms thumb how u disappoint. As a fan of your yummy food, it is sad to see you cutting corners to save a buck. I loved the pulled chicken sandwich until you ruined it by mixing dark and white meat so it costs you less. Not to mention buying cheap cuts of meat that are full of fat and gristle. I had to send my sandwich back because it was so layered in oil I thought it was soup. 

What seemed most strange is your willingness to overstaff. During my meal I watched a seven employees stood around the seating area chit chatting for almost 15 minutes. Then as son as some guy, who I am guessing is the owner, comes in everybody scrambles like cockroaches. 

Anywhoo the food was less than good and I was annoyed by the onslaught of teenagers gossiping instead of doing their job. Not to mention they screwed up my order in the first place and then later took everything from the table when I got up to get more drink despite my stuff sitting inconspicuously on the table. 

All in all I am not real motivated to drive over here anymore. And that sucks.
I'm a big believer in delineating between life's wants and needs. 
And that's why I regularly visit the Thumb. SImply put, it has all my needs.
For example:

I don't want gas for my truck, I need gas for my truck. 

Eating bbq doesn't qualify as a want, but it is a need.

My truck runs just as efficiently dirty as it does clean. 
But I did hit a bird and squashed a couple of rabbits last month, so a wash and detail is kind of a need at the moment.

A savage blowjob is also a need, I think. Or maybe it's a want, who knows. 
I'm not sure. 
Anyway, they don't feature blowjobs here, least-ways, I'm pretty certain of it.

Ok, fine. 
Maybe The Thumb doesn't have ALL my needs, but it does have most stuff and, at fair prices.

I recommend the brisket.
Also, the full-service wash.
Enjoy the patio seating for lunch, especially this time of year so you can lust after all the cool RV's next door at the storage facility.
I'd like to steal a real nice one.
Maybe go running around Scottsdale showing off in my new ride with some hot little knob-gobbler who also needs to eat bbq.
Terrible service, waitress messed up two orders and couldn't even come out and apologize. Food is decent but the kitchen and staff need to step up their game and not act like timid children when they get things wrong.
This place is great. Excellent service, great food, a good deal, and a fun atmosphere.
Great concept in a car wash/gas station!  The food is fantastic you will love it.  The desserts are great too!
Good food and staff. I had the Brisket & Pulled pork with a side of Fries & fruit. Also came with some sliced pickles and texas toast. Good experience and it lived up to my friends recommendation. I'm not always on that side of town, but I could see making it a frequent place to visit as the food and BBQ sauce options were all good.
I am always in a rush when I come here but they have awesome food and super cool items to buy!! We found this place before it was super busy and loved that this find was close to our office.

Favorites: pulled pork sandwich, black & blue burger and the blue brisket salad.  Love all of these!! 

Sorry so short gotta go back to the office!!
BBQ and Car Wash??  Don't let that deter you!!! It was a hard sell to my fellow travelers, but they certainly changed their mind when we got there.  Wife and I split the Chicken Chopped Salad, and the Pork/Brisket plate.  The meat was really good, rubbed and smoked well.  The sauce bar was fun, too.  I preferred the Hickory and the Old timer, or down home or something like that.  I cannot remember the name, but it was good.  The hot ones...they're hot, I do 3-4 star Chinese food and these were not quite there, but still had some kick.  If I go back, I might go with a sandwich or revisit the chicken chopped salad.  The chicken was really well cooked, the dressing was delicious, and while I thought they skimped on the chicken, at first, I realized later that they actually just had it really well integrated into the salad, and the chunks were not shredded or dry, it was really great, large, smoked chicken pieces.  Loved it... and I am typically a rack of ribs kind of guy.
This place has great BBQ.  Not what I normally expect from a carwash/gas station.  They're pulled pork sandwich is excellent.  I highly recommend the food.  They're service is ok and could use some improvement... although I think it is improving.   I recently had what could have been a bad experience with a call in order... namely they forgot to put in the order.  The manager immediately followed up and actually delivered it to my house... free of charge!  His making things right goes a very long way in my book.  I'll definitely be back again.  Again, the BBQ is delicious!
Went on a Sunday and we had to be seated for dinner, it's a car wash!  Service was terrible, food was cold.  Seriously, waitresses are not necessary folks!  They were terrible and that's not the vibe of a car wash...  Not worth the $50 tab.
They sell out of the ribs fast and the service is slow, but if you are willing to wait... the food is VERY VERY good.
Best Pulled Pork sandwich in scottsdale!
Great little gift shop within the gas station. 

BBQ seems very popular but as a vegetarian I did not try it. They also have a bakery with cupcakes which I have yet to try.

Gas prices are around a dime higher than most other places.
The food is some of the best BBQ you will ever eat. The only complaint I have is slowness of the ordering process and how long you have to wait in line. They use iPads as their POS and either the users are not well trained or the system is cumbersome.  Either way, it takes 5 minutes to place one order!
I would like to sublet a plot of land on Tom's Thumb. 

The availability of things inside this CAR WASH is so expansive, yet specific, that I'm almost certain I just made it up. 

Exceptional pulled pork, sleek leather purses that convert into backpacks, southern biscuits and grits, southwestern themed wine corkscrews, Quest bars, half a dozen kinds of BBQ sauce, old fashioned doughnuts... Everything one would see in a bizarre dream? Nope, just everything I bought. 

If that's not everything on your list, there's also an impressive cat paraphernalia department, as well as imported soaps, and summer campy throwback ice cream novelties. 

If you're just looking to go out to eat... at a car wash... that's also a nice restaurant with a patio.... and a coffee bar... and a bakery, then boy, is this the spot for you!

At lunch, go for the pulled pork sandwich. The classic hickory BBQ sauce leaves nothing to be desired. Put the mayo-less cole slaw on top. Skip the brisket, which is drier and tougher, and don't order a side of fruit unless you want just pineapple and apple. 

Breakfast is down home phenomenal - the pig 'n' grits offers you not one, but two kinds of frighteningly delicious pig items - bacon and crispy pulled pork atop creamy grits. Covered in cheddar cheese. Add an egg. You are welcome. The biscuits are scone-y and delightful, and the coffee is great (but for all y'all frappé wimps, rather intense.) 

Tl;dr - Tom's Thumb is le shiznit. Get anything pulled pork. Bummer that it's so conceptually redonkulous it probably doesn't exist, save for in my head... great idea, though, right?
I have one of those jobs that takes me places. And by that, I mean I spend part of my week visiting businesses from East Valley to West. While highway time has its downside, the plus is that I get to frequent some great spots normally too far from my neighborhood to try otherwise. One of those is Tom's Thumb. 

I usually swing into Tom's because I'm craving their pulled pork tacos, and then remember I can also get gas. On a great day, I also have time to wash my car.

I always like stopping by Tom's but regret that it's not closer to the hood for my friends to try. Well, it seems they have that covered too. Tom's was awesome to help me feed the hoodies at a recent party. I got more pulled pork than we could eat in one day with slider buns, sides and the works. 

A few weeks later and my friends are still asking where that barbecue came from. They're even talking about a "road trip" to get some more. Thanks Tom's! And keep an eye out for the Tempe crew.
How much fun is this place?  The metro area needs more of these.  A car wash, gas station, convenience store, wine shop, gift shop, and BBQ café?!?!  What the heck?  Pinch me!  We picked up some great gifts for upcoming birthdays and some funny things for my husband's fishing trip, and a few beverages for the road.  The food I saw looked excellent.  If we weren't on a mission to Cave Creek, we would have lingered longer.  Now I'm looking for a reason to go back.  Great place!
Oh yeah, it lived up to the hype! I had the brisket salad and it was perfect! I added some BBQ sauce and with the blue cheese, oh heavens! I also tasted my Mom-in-laws pulled pork sandwich and it was SOOOOO good! I can't wait to come back!
Great pulled pork sandwich and fries. Clean atmosphere. BBQ sauces are really good. Nice place to dine for lunch or dinner. Haven't tried breakfast yet, but hear good things.
Pulled up to a car wash and thought I was being punked by friends.  Turns out this place has quite the charm.  The BBQ isn't bad either.  I love that there is a bunch of BBQ styles to choose from, so I can pick what suits my mood.
This is truly one interesting store/carwash/restaurant. s, I said STORE, CAR WASH and Restaurant.   I stopped in here to have breakfast with a group of Yelpers after an early morning hike in the Sonoran Preserve. 

I wanted to like this place, but the servers were really awful.  I ordered a cup of coffee that never came.  So I went to the counter and bought myself a self serve cup of coffee.  The server still tried to charge me for my coffee as if she brought the coffee.  No way.  

The saving grace was that amazing breakfast!  OH man, bring out the fork and the spoon because it is time to EAT!  I had their Pulled Pork and Eggs over medium with cheese grits and it was all topped with jalapeno bacon!.  An amazingly delicious pulled pork that was tender and flavorful.  The spicy bacon was also a bonus touch to the meal.  To my surprise, even the cheese grits were cooked the way that I like them!  I grabbed a few of their BBQ sauces for dipping and enjoyed all of the sauces that I tried.  I could have licked my plate clean the food was so amazing.  

It didn't occur to me when I arrived that I should have dropped my car off to be washed.  I will have to do that the next time.

I would not recommend this place for a group meetup.  there were about 15 of us and there wasn't enough room AND the service was rather poor. 

My return factor is about 45%.
The chilli is outsanding..!!! Sooo good I can't stand it  !!!amazing...:-)  But it is the whole pkg....the carwash/ gas station.. general store ...sooo neat. Let's not forget the yummy bakery...it is a sure win....
I have noticed a steady decline in the quality of both the food and the service. Still OK but certainly not the Tom's of yesterday
This place is a BBQ Bistro, Gift Shop, Wine Store, Bake Shop, Gas Station, Car Wash and MORE located very close to West World.

We didn't try out the car wash yet but stopped in to try some BBQ.

An Enthusiastic Cashier took our order, handed us a number, and we sat ourselves in the interesting Gift Shop surrounded by all kinds of trinkets, antiques and other goods.

Almost as soon as I sit down our platters got ran to us.

I received my half Brisket Sandwich with my half Bistro Salad. The first thing I sample is a piece of the Brisket. It was delicious in flavor but was barely warm and very dry. I break off a piece for my husband to try and he said wow is that dry. I never had brisket this  dry before. My salad was fresh but the blue cheese dressing was very thin without chunks of cheese in it. I do note cheese was on the salad.

By the reviews I'm certain they are usually better.

 Unless most people like dry Brisket?
One of my most favorite places to eat everrrrr! Superb breakfast after an early morning hike, best lunch in town no matter how long the line gets during the work week, this place is soooo worth it! Not the cheapest either but man do they have some good food! Crab cake salad is to die for at Tom's Thumb! 

I love brining my coworkers or friends that have never been here before. It looks like you're taking them to a gas station/ car wash and then you walk inside to a chandelier and some of the neatest rustic looking interior design. So fun!!!! 

Wine selection in the store is great too. (I got side tracked but just sayin'!)

So many diff BBQ sauce flavors to try with a side of shoestring fries or any other dish you decide to order. But I swear this joint has some awesome grub!!!!
Read the reviews and the ratings and we made the trip to Toms'.  Food was tasty well presented and we enjoyed the atmosphere.   We have teenage daughters and rowdy son so the family really enjoyed the opportunity to try something unique and yummy. I heard a lot of locals say it is a big secret.  Tom I highly suggest you advertise a little stronger ....this place is unique and food friendly.
What a find!  Searching for a car wash on Yelp! to remove the Texas dust we were blessed with on way to Arizona, we found one less than a mile from our vacation condo!  And full service from handwash and wax to tunnel.  Prices from $300-$12.95, most in the lower range.  And then it turns out that they have great food too in a restaurant.  You go through the line and order at the counter, and then they bring your food to your table, all of this while your car is being washed professionally.  The gift shop on the inside is amazing--never have we seen a collection of so many cute and unusual things, from standard Arizona souveniers to original art pieces, and a wide range of prices too.  There are also convenience store items, as well as an enticing bakery at the cash register with many exotic desserts and made-to-order cakes.  My wife kept saying, "look at this,"  "look at this"...which makes me crazy, but then I started saying the same thing!  We ordered beers (wine is available too), and our food arrived within five minutes, fresh and tasty.  My wife had a Caprese sandwich (frequent readers of my reviews will know she ALWAYS get Caprese when she can,) and I ordered the two meat barbecue plate (the same group will also know this is one of my favorites.)  My plate came with two large slices of beef and a mound of shredded pork (you could opt for chicken as well) and two sides:  I got the cole slaw and tasty baked beans, accompanied by two triangles of French bread.  She had her usual Blue Moon and I tasted the San Tan Hefe, from a local brewery.  The beef was a little dry but made delicious by an assortment of six barbecues:  my favorites were the Low County and the Texas.  We could not resist the desserts at check out:  lemon square for my wife, red velvet cupcake for me.  What an amazing find and just minutes from our condo.  Open 6:00 a.m. and the breakfasts look great, but be warned that they close at 8:00 p.m.  Car was ready and gleaming and waiting for us at the rear of the building through the comfortable waiting area, which we did not have to use.  Maybe breakfast tomorrow after we check out???
Tried everywhere else and always come back. You pay a little more but isn't your baby worth it?
Great find and fun for a family. Wait staff is attentive and nice. Good BBQ.
Just an update on my previous experiences at the Tom Thumb Market and Car Wash, which receives my highest recommendation. Wonderful service across the board, especially from Candy, our cashier who represents Tom Thumb in magnificent fashion and from Jason, the automobile detail manager, who is most deserving of special recognition!
Our lunch was delicious and the service was excellent, as usual. Same for the car wash.
We didn't try out the car wash but we came for lunch.  I was craving BBQ & this place looked really neat from the reviews.  The little shopping area inside was really cute, tons of different things that would make great gifts for people.  It's like the fancy version of the store in Cracker Barrel ;)

I ordered the BBQ Brisket sandwich without the aioli & hubby ordered the Cuban.  The few tables that were in the area were dirty & still had plates on them.  We found a worker & asked if they could clean it off for us.  She was very sweet & super apologetic.  No big deal.  Our food finally came out & my sandwich had TONS of the aioli.  I brought it up & asked for a new one, they were once again very apologetic.  My new sandwich came out quickly but I noticed it was so fatty with actual chunks of fat in the sandwich. Now I know brisket isn't always the leanest but this was just beyond normal.  I took out the pieces that were just pure fat & was left with a few pieces of brisket.  The brisket itself was very flavorful & the sauces you can choose from were great but for the price I can't say that I will be rushing here again.  Maybe it was just an off day? Everyone seemed to love their BBQ sandwiches. My husband raved about his sandwich, he didn't have any fatty pieces in his that he noticed.
There have been a great deal of changes at this place recently...and unfortunately.  I don't understand why you would try to fix something that isn't broken.  Food is still decent but I can't say I am happy about the so called "improvements."
One visit, one extremely satisfied couple who will be back for more.   My wife and I stopped by Tom Thumb's Fresh Market after reading some reviews and seeing it mentioned in a magazine.   Going in I was cautiously optimistic.   Coming out I was extremely happy to have found some of the best BBQ I have ever had!    Fantastic pulled pork with some of the best sauces around.   That sandwich on top of an unbelievable Mexican corn on the cob was so beyond delicious.   Throw on top of this a great store with all kinds of cool stuff to browse and delicious fresh baked goods! Hands down a must to try for everyone.   Going back today to check out their breakfast options which looked divine too!!
Really good brisket sandwich!!! I am extremely satisfied after eating the sliced brisket sandwich!
This review is based solely on the restaurant portion of Tom's...  

This was my first visit to Tom's tonight as I stopped in for carry out on my way back into town.  I ordered 3 sandwiches (pulled pork, cuban, and brisket) and some potato salad.  I asked for an upgrade to my side since I didn't want the chips that came with my meal.  The girl was confused and said she could only do it if I ordered all of my sandwiches as "lunch combos" and then the chips would become fries.  I agreed to the deal and asked for sweet potato fries.  I did get sticker shock when the bill came to $48 since it didn't seem like much more than a fast food operation. 

The girl helping me told me she only worked there for a week and a half.  Although she did seem nice, she needed more training.  The other two girls behind the counter seemed very occupied socializing with each other.  Maybe they could have helped double check the order and shadow the new girl a little closer.   

As I was driving home I realized I didn't receive the three drinks that should have come with the "lunch combo".  I was too far to return for the drinks.

When I got home and opened the fries, they were all regular and not sweet potato.

It also seemed weird that my cold, non-insulated potato salad was put in the same bag as all of my hot BBQ.  Maybe I'm just being picky but seems like common sense.  The potato salad wasn't bad but seemed to be lacking something that would make it stand out from other average potato salads.   

ALL of the meat was VERY dry.  I had to really sauce it up to get it down.  Even my kids who were starving wouldn't eat the sandwiches.  Thank god for fries even if they weren't the right ones.  It's a shame because the brisket seasoning was tasty.  

On a positive note, the sauce was very good.  I tried about 4 different kinds and they were all above average.   

I'm giving this place a 2 star rating instead of a 1 because I think there is potential to have a good meal and good service here.  Obviously they are having consistency issues or a bad weekend chef based on all the good reviews here.
Breakfast - Overpriced and Overcooked

I have been a long time fan of this restaurant for its BBQ so I decided to try their breakfast.  The even with a steep $9 price tag, the 100 year old sourdough starter pancakes caught my eye.  I added the bacon and two eggs scrambled.  $14.50 without tip.

After the typical Tom's Thumb wait the breakfast arrived.  I was a bit surprised.  My breakfast consisted of 2 six or seven inch pancakes, charred, 2 strips of bacon, and a mound of browned eggs.  Hoping the taste would justify the deficit in the servings appearance and portion, I dug in.  No...  The eggs were as they appeared, overcooked an rubbery.  The pancakes were ordinary and disappointing.  The bacon was however, well prepared.

Will I go back?  Yes, but I will stick with the BBQ for lunch and dinner.