Wow, die Weihnachtsdeko ist der Hammer!!!
So etwas Übertriebenes in so einem schönen Gebäude habe ich selten gesehen. Selbst die Toiletten haben einen Weihnachtsbaum


 Das ehemalige Bankgebäude läd in der sehr schönen George Street, unweit der vielleicht etwas bekannteren, jedoch weniger netten Princess Street zu einer kleinen Pause zum Verweilen ein.


 Die Preise empfand ich für den eigentlich sehr noblen Rahmen relativ günstig, Cocktails für 7 Pfund, nichts zu Meckern.


 Ich hätte mir vielleicht ein wenig mehr Auswahl gewünscht, ansonsten war es wirklich ein Erlebnis.
First night out in Edinburgh and from a guide book we had The Dome was listed as a place for the deserving diners who wanted luxury. The building itself on the outside is nice, not impressive, but once you get into the place and past the hall your eyes just feast on the opulence of the restored interior of the Victorian former bank and the well designed bar area. They certainly added to the interior when the bar and restaurant was designed, someone really knew how to make the most out of this Victorian interior.


 We ordered our Tom Collins (perfect, great start when they get your cocktails right), and asked to see someone about possible seating in the dinning area. As the place looked busy we thought we would have to wait a while, but this was taken care off very swiftly by the Restaurant Manager 'Alan' and shown to our table by a very helpful waitress who applied the same high standard of service all night long, and we were in no rush.


 The food is as you would expect for a fine establishment, first class, also the service by the various staff was again first class. Anyone going to Edinburgh for work or play, treat yourself to a wonderful dining experience and go to The Dome, it's a must.
Have drunk here often, usually with my partner in crime after a meal out. Many nights where I can't quite remember exactly what I drunk - but it was good - all too good! Lots of Hendricks not so much mixer! Happy times!
Can't rate the food because I didn't have any, but what an amazing bar! The Christmas decorations are breathtaking, the staff is very friendly, and for being as beautiful and centrally located as it is, alcohol prices were very reasonable. 

Especially if you are traveling/passing through, take an hour or so to stop by this bar. You won't regret it!
I really enjoy relaxing after a busy day trooping in and out the shops of Edinburgh with a nice big glass of wine or a G&T. The best time to go is Christmas. The interior is awesome with all the decorations up and there is a great buzz about the place. Always friendly and welcoming which is rare in such a huge place.
Now The Dome is marvelous and situated in a beautiful building. But I must point you in direction of the Garden Cafe, which is the outside cafe area located at the back of The Dome. The same fantastic food but outside in the sun! Entrance is via Rose Street so don't wander inside The Dome and get lost like we did.

My Gran and I sat outside here one day and enjoyed a fabulous lunch. We both had Caesar Salad which was delicious, as well as sharing a plate of chips. My Granny just loves chips so its great to get my carb fix. For dessert I had Sticky Toffee Pudding which came with the most refreshing Coconut ice cream. It had homemade shortbread too. It really was to die for and the highlight of the meal. 

While we were eating it started to rain and all the waiters hurried around us erecting these huge umbrellas. It was fun to watch and it felt like we were in a tent once they had finished. 

The Garden Cafe is only open in the summer months though, so it is great for that time of year. Otherwise I go back inside to The Dome which never fails to impress with the amazing surroundings and wonderful service.
Every Christmas, my mum and I get butterflies about going to The Dome. If you've seen the Christmas wreaths wrapped around the pillars, you'll begin to see why, and if you go inside you will understand completely. It's like they have a room spray of all the Christmas smells and keep it constantly puffing out in plooms of fairy dust and laughter. Every year I have to catch my breath when I go into The Dome, because it is quite simply breathtaking. The decoration is beautiful and the whole atmosphere is electric.

Even when it's not Christmas, The Dome just has a magical feeling about it. It's like a fairytale. Yeah it's a bit pricey but worth every penny. You can't go to somewhere like The Dome and not expect to pay for it. It's also a hot-spot for celeb-spotting (although the amount of celebrities in Edinburgh is extremely limited).
If you fancy a slice of decadence with your dessert, I recommend heading immediately to the Dome. This massive columned building could certainly be confused for a museum, but turns out to be a be grouping of three bars and restaurants and conference facilities. 

We only indulged in tea and a few desserts, but I can definitely say that the Dome served up the best slice of warm apple pie and homemade vanilla ice cream this side of the Atlantic. The menu looked beautiful as well, and much more affordable than I would have initially imagined. 

Surrounded by Ionic columns, massive twin staircases, gilded railings, magnificent tiled floors, and of course the namesake central coffered Dome,  I'm not sure what's richer - the desserts of the atmosphere!
Like many of the previous reviews, I have to start with how the Dome looks. It is simply stunny - a mavral of architecture and design which earns at least one extra star in this review.

Now for a little bit of a come down - this place is expensive. Like, really expensive. However, i would like to think it is worth it. The food is second to none - especially (at least in my opinion) the desserts. The drinks are all high quality (grey goose vodka!) and very much on the spirit with a splash of mixer side.

There is an outdoor cafe selling the same quality of food, which is especially lovely in the summer months - although prepare to wear a coat and brave to cold if Edinburgh weather is anything to go by!
It would be very hard not to be impressed by the magnificence of stature of The Dome on George Street. This is where a Christmas light display of complete awesomeness takes place every year, and it kind of seems like The Dome and its twinkling fairy lights are the official ribbon cutter for the start of the Christmas season. Although last year I noted the lights went up super early, when I didn't even feel like I'd recovered from the summer yet, but that could just be Christmas commercialism and getting in there early taking hold.

The amazingly grand building, which now offers a bar and restaurant to the merry punters of Edinburgh, used to house the Commercial Bank of Scotland back in the day, hence the grandeur, which doesn't stop at the stunning pillars and stairs of the entrance. The inside of The Dome is just as beautifully done, with a sweeping staircase, high ceilings and opulent interiors. There is a very decent lunch and dinner menu, which I always find very generous portion wise. Beautiful surroundings to enjoy a nice classy beverage,
The Dome is a place you can hardly miss, standing proud on George Street.  As has already been mentioned, at Christmas it has some of the best decorations in the city, and it's a pleasure to go past here on the bus and gaze at the festive wreaths and assorted decorations.

The main reason I came here was for the food, having booked a table in the Grill Room restaurant.  The food I had here was brilliant, though not cheap.  It's the sort of place that you'd come for a special occasion rather than a regular night out.

Oddly, the thing that stands out about my meal here was the toilets.  Why were they so memorable?  They were probably some of the best presented men's toilets I have experienced in Edinburgh.  I'm so used to hearing about amazing women's toliets, whereas the men are left to have something quite dull and drab.

Everything about this place screams class and sophistication.  It makes you feel important to be dining there, and this is a feeling that I rarely get from restaurants in the city.  A great meal out.
You will find yourself leaving The Dome with one lingering question in your mind, "How the hell did they get that christmas tree in here?".

It is, of course, a fabulous venue and a feature of a Christmas in Edinburgh, but it is also underwhelming and overpriced should you decide to sit down within the velvet roped exhibition that is the dining portion of the one main room. On the other hand, the bar area provides  exactly the same visual delights and the relaxed atmosphere from which it is best to enjoy them.

I would recommend going for a drink and then moving on to dinner elsewhere.
The Dome has got to be one of my favourite places to go out in George Street! The grand building and its interior immediately makes you feel that you have entered somewhere of class and style (especially for a student!). As you enter the Dome, the warm colours and smell of incense makes the place appear warm and friendly.

When at the bar, you will be surprised at the prices for beers and your typical spirit and mixer - not as expensive as one would imagine! However, if you get carried away and order a whisky or a brandy then you will be handing over a lot more coinage!

The food at the Dome is also to be recommended, with the Grill room and Club room both great places to eat. My favourite dishes include the haggis for starters, fillet steak for main and a yummy fudge cake for deserts! Food is of a high quality and in the Grill room food is quite expensive!

If you want to experience some class then the Dome is the best place to go! (Also at Christmas they have a very, very large Christmas tree on top of the bar! - Worth a visit just for that!)
The dome is a beautiful place. Went for Tea and sandwiches which were generous and god. The service was pretentious as the delivery did not match expectation given by the number and the uniforms. I think the prices for a dinner could be high.Nonetheless I would recommend this place for an afternoon tea in pleasant surroundings.
The interior "Dome" is magical.  I thought maybe it had once been a church, but it has been converted from a bank.  We just had drinks, so I cannot comment on the food.  Their Christmas decorations were breathtaking
This review covers the bar only - what a place to have a drink! Massive building with, around Christmas, amazing holiday decorations. Service was quick and friendly, and the crowd was a bit upscale and quite nice even though it was packed on Hogmanay. Pints weren't too expensive despite the gorgeous atmosphere, so treat yourself to one here if you're in town midwinter. Truly spectacular.
Was at this fabulous restaurant last night with clients. Thursday night in Edinburgh and at 8pm it was packed, when we finally pushed back from the table at 1115 it was still packed. In Portland on a Thursday night at 1115, just about everything is closed. 

The room itself is fantastic, converted from an old bank, it is incredibly ornate with a huge stained glass dome hanging over the room. Yes I did have the haggis, wrapped in phyllo as an appetizer and it was amazing. The rest of the meal was of equal quality and the service was impeccable. If you find yourself in the Scottish capital make your way to the dome
This review is regarding the Club Room in the Dome.

Well, I went here with a friend of mine and both of us were casually but neatly attired. This didn't seem to be a problem however, we were clearly younger then the expected crowd.

Now, let me just say, this is one of the most gorgeous places I've ever had a half-pint in, I can tell you that much.

The central bar has a huge spinning elemant with an elephant on it, and the stained glass dome is amazing, however, it was a bit noisy for us so we popped into the club room.

We were greeted by a friendly gentleman who had us seated. Then, a weird thing happened. Our waitress was incredibly friendly, but the manager clearly thought we were not her preferred customer. (I was going to call for a clean up on aisle floor since the disdain was dripping from her face, but thought the better of it.) Now, we were really not shoddily attired, quite fashionably actually, but it was as if she could smell the "student" on us. (Even though one of us is not, that's the look she gave us).

It was such a mixed experience that I don't know what to think. I'm sure that if I came here on a date with someone, there'd be no problem. But somehow the manager really was incredibly bitchy. 
We also had to ask for our bill twice.

I like it here, but the place doesn't seem to like me back if you catch my drift.
We were sent here with a glowing recommendation for afternoon tea from the staff at The Scotch Whiskey Experience.  It was still decorated for Christmas.  Beautiful space (if a little ostentatious).

The service, however, was horribly lacking.  We felt like we were a bother to our servers (yes, they traded off, and we seemed to be the only table that this was happening with).  Maybe Americans are disliked in Scotland?  I don't know.  We never had trouble elsewhere, and were trying our hardest to be good guests.  They ignored us almost entirely, even getting the bill at the end of the meal was a 30-some minute waiting game / battle.

I'm a big afternoon tea fan.  Theirs was good enough, though I was disappointed not to be offered a choice in teas (even decaf vs. caf)... it just came as it was.  Sandwiches hit or miss (the salmon was awful, the egg delicious), same with the desserts.  Eh.
I had heard about this place but never been here until we had family come into town last month. We decided to make a trip for Afternoon Tea and to see all the fabulously outrageous decorations!

Here's a breakdown of their score: 
5 for the food
3-4 for the service

So the food was awesome. There were 5 of us, we ordered 2 afternoon tea sets with scones, desserts, sandwiches, etc. They were technically meant to serve 4, and we were eating them for lunch, AND we still have food leftover! Yes, we probably looked like chintzy people when we asked for a take away box for our leftover desserts we couldn't stuff into our bellies after the amazing scones and sandwiches. And yes, we may have asked for foil when they didn't have any boxes. And yes we may have even taken a few of the leftover darling mini jam jars....Yes, we are those people. 

But so what?! It was sooo delicious! And affordable, which may be saying a lot for this particular venue. 

Now onto the service. Um, it was quite lacking. I understand we were a group of 5, which is a bit awkward for tea, but they crammed us into a table in the corner near the kitchen, which kinda killed the atmosphere a bit. Then they switched servers on us..twice, I think. They just seemed like they wanted to get us out of there as quick as possible, yet when it came to asking them for extra cutlery or drinks or even the bill, they were nowhere to be found. 

I definitely recommend it for the experience as the building itself is really gorgeous and the food is great too.
After a decade of living in Edinburgh I can't believe I've managed to miss out on going to The Dome. It seemed like a fitting venue for a post-art gallery wine tasting session and positively took my breath away. 

From the minute you walk into The Dome opulence abounds. From polished tables, mosaic floors, marble pillars, sparkling chandeliers, extremely well dressed staff and that absolutely stunning domed roof...I felt like I was on a 1920's movie set! 

There was no trouble getting a table on a Thursday, and the table service was efficient and attentive. The drinks were a bit more expensive than normal (£9 for two G &T's) but for the surroundings it didn't seem to matter! A plate of nachos to share was £10 but between us that wasn't much and they were delicious...and didn't last long! I've also been reliably informed that a stop here for an afternoon pot of coffee, with shortbread on the side, is a cheaper and more luxurious alternative to the more generic coffee shops!. 

So, after a very enjoyable evening, we reluctantly dragged ourselves away to catch the last bus (no Bentleys with a chauffeur to take us home unfortunately!) looking forward to the time when we can get all dressed up in our finest to make a return visit!
The Dome is set in a beautiful restored bank building in downtown Edinburgh, Scotland. Each of several dining rooms has its own opulent character from glitzy brass and crystal chandeliers to dark woods and white table cloths.  Service is formal and professional.  The menu is safe and traditional and the cuisine is good, but not outstanding - not a satisfying experience for those on a "foodie" mission.  Cant recommend a particular "signature dish."

I found downtown, Edinburgh a strangely attractive place, as in "I felt drawn there."  The view of the ancient castle and the gardens below from across the boulevard continues to stick with me.

Do visit the Dome.  It will help set the tone for your tour through Scotland.
Wow, wow wow. ich habe bisher noch keine so schöne Bar/ keine schönes Restaurant gesehen als diese/ dieses.
Wenn man in Edinburgh ist und diese location nicht gesehen hat, hat man was verpasst.
Auch wenn die Preise gehoben sind, lohnt sich ein Besuch hier. 
5 Sterne ohne Einschränkung!!!!
As I walked up the stairs to this old bank building, my heart did a flip flop as I pushed through the revolving door and found myself in a stunning building that actually houses 3 restaurants in one:  The Club Room, the Tea Room and the Terrace.  Each has it's own charm but the Club Room with the domed ceiling is where the real beauty of the building unfolds.

White table clothed tables surround the round bar in the center, crystal chandeliers twinkle overhead.  And the stained glass windows at the back let you know you are someplace special.

There are teams of servers who work together to make sure that your drink is never empty and that your food comes up quickly and is just the way you ordered it.

Since we were there for lunch- we had soup and a sandwich (note to those of you who don't know that all the sandwiches come club style with that extra piece of bread and that everything is also spread with mayo but they are happy to accommodate other requests.

The best thing?  They are used to those of us who want to get in and out for lunch so we were in and out within an hour.  But if you are the sit and linger type . . .they will be happy to let you sit to your heart's content.

Another tip?  This place has to have some of the nicest bathrooms I have seen in a restaurant in Edinburgh.  Both the main bathroom by the door and those upstairs by the tea room are spacious, well stocked and with plenty of working stalls . . .I know . . . .sometimes it's just the little things that can make my day!

Wonderful, personable staff, decent food and an ambiance second to none- you should check this out whether you are just visiting Edinburgh or are a local!
The wow factor is in the atmosphere - not the food or service. Well worth having a drink there, but only if you can get a seat.
Architecture, lighting and ambiance were all superb. The food and service fell far short of expectations. Wait staff reaching over us, impolite, unfriendly and indifferent. When asked for a recommendation between two entrees the waiter shrugged his shoulders and said "they're both OK."
Nothing about the food at our table stood out and my party of 12 left disappointed. I had the chicken breast stuffed w haggis. The breast and accompanying mashed potatoes were average at best. For desert I had apple pie - it was good, but again only average.
Here's one for the bigger outlets.
When one goes into the building you can be overwhelmed by the opulence and obvious in your face glamour of the place. However this does not mean its all high prices and poor service.

I had a very nice pot of coffee with a scone etc and my fellow business visitor also had a similar light tea from the extensive menu. It came to less than £10 and that included a service charge of 10%. Everything about the place was clean and attention was given by the staff to anything you asked for.

Downside was the attitude to being offered a debit card for a bill less than £10 which only shows the owners have not checked around the market for less service charges on their merchant account (something I know a lot about).

So if you want flash along with good service when in central Edinburgh try this place. If you want higher prices in less clean and pleasant surroundings there's plenty to choose from near by.
It was friday night and Lou V and i were on the hunt for a bar we could get a nice drink at and be able to have a conversation without shouting at each other.  being near the george street area, i happily accepted her suggestion to head to The Dome as it was nearby and 4in stilleto heels don't allow me to walk overly far....

i've only ever been to The Dome once before and this was to have a pre-dinner drink in the main bar.  however, upon entry I was quickly diverted to the left and into the Club Room which is a haven of class and quiet conversation.  we were shown a nice table right near the bar and promptly brought two glasses of water and a little dish of fancy prawn crackers while we looked over the menu.

we only ordered two drinks, a glass of prosseco for me and a margarita for Lou, but you would have thought we'd ordered a 5 couse dinner with the level of service and attention we got from the wait staff.  i think this is what really sets The Dome apart from other bars on george street.  you are treated like you're paying for an expensive meal even when you've only got one drink and we were never made to feel like we had to order more.  also they kept replenishing our little dish of prawn crackers even though we only got a refill on our water.

and the atmosphere of the Club Room...just wow!  it's so incredibly different from any other bar i've been to in edinburgh.  it exudes rich decadence and old time class.  i absolutely loved it!  especially now that the place is totally decked out in christmas decorations, seriously it even smells like christmas with all the cinnamon sticks about.  this is literally the perfect place to get a few post dinner drinks, enjoy good conversation, and relax in the luxurious and festive atmosphere.  i'm already looking forward to going back!
Love Love Love!
What more can i say?!....... Well, let me start with the wonderful smell of mulled wine and cinnamon that hits you as soon as you walk in then to see the most spectacular entrance with a dazzling chandelier! The chrsitmas decorations thay have up are nothing but lovely and warming. We opted for cofffee, unfortunatley the Club Room was too busy but we got seats no problem on in The Georgian Tea Room on the 1st floor. We  ordered a latte and coffee, and recieved 2 little tasty mince pies free! Total spend £6!!
 Service was fantastic and to top it all off they had the snow machine on outside! Now my favourite place :)
Lieu étonnant dans une ancienne banque. Déco de Noël impressionnante ! Rien que pour ça, c'est vraiment à essayer !
Yes, the place to take your friends from abroad to show off some granduer of Edinburgh! I like the time around Christmas when they go all out and install the theme to the max. Decorated pillars outsite? Check! Massive tree in the main bar / restaurant? Check! Good atmosphere, friendly waiting staff and free nuts or haggisballs?! Check, check and check! It is a good place to start of your evening on George street (if a little expensive) You will be well impressed.
Been to the Dome many times so we decided to go there for our girlie Christmas lunch. 

We could book but thought it wouldn't be an issue. We turned up at 12pm and waited an hour before we reached the Maître D. They asked how many was in our party (5 inc little baby) and we were asked to wait at the bar. Another 40 minutes passed so we asked how much longer our table was going to be. The Maitre D snapped at us and walked off. 

Another 30 minutes later we were show to our table. We ordered drinks and two courses and shortly before our starters arrived, a card was sat on our table saying they need it back in 60 minutes (this was due to people wanting to drink at the bar at 4pm). No one told us this when we were placed at our table and if they had, we would have asked for a table at the back of the room.  

Eventually, the mains arrived.. so much for the promise of hand cut chips.. Frozen chips all round! 

The waiting staff rushed us and removed plates from the table before the whole table was finished eating. We still had time so we ordered coffees and desserts. They had just brought these to the table when our "lovely" waitress informed us that we had 6 minutes. She then placed the bill on our table (we hadn't asked for it).

We were still drinking coffee when she returned as asked us to move - as we were nearly finished we asked for another few minutes to finish. The manager then came over and harassed us to move. At this point, we had had enough and left. The five of us paid £150 exc drinks for lunch so not a cheap day out and to be treated with such disdain by not just one member of staff but three inc Manager was the last straw. We will not be back.
'Meh I've experienced better' is exactly it.

I went in for few drinks, but just had one then left. The building is absolutely stunning and its somewhere I'd definitely recommend that you see. Huge displays of fresh flower bouquets tower above you at the bar and around the doors, the grand mirrors reflecting areas of the bar, the sculpted walls and ceilings...it is stunning. 

The bar is just a bar. It may as well have been Wetherspoons. The staff looked miserable, the drinks were just simple drinks - not so much as a lemon on the side, there are barely any seats and there is no atmosphere as its just a rabble of conversation.

It seems sad that this stunning building isn't sporting a trendy cocktail bar, or anything remotely classy. 

I was a bit like "oh."
vibrant place! very nice "city" feeling.

I have been here alot of visits, i have never ate here.

Drinks-different quality every time-from very good to not so good
Afternoon tea-not so fancy, espacially scones was really poor, price was ok 25 for 2.

Staff are ok.

I do like this place.
Beautiful restaurant and very good quality food - possibly the best we had there while on a recent trip. The server did not have a good command of English which doesn't bother me from an ethnic standpoint but makes it difficult to communicate. In fact, Edinburgh seems to be populated by foreign guest workers and oddly, they are almost all in service positions. Must be plenty of jobs there and I'm guessing low unemployment rate? 
Anyway, I digress and again want to state how opulent this place is. And the food presentation matches the surroundings!
Lovely afternoon tea!  Gorgeous room, great service and the food was quite good.  I was a little disappointed there was no shortbread served.
Made a reservation at the Dome based on all the good reviews and we were not disappointed.  The ambience is upscale with jazz music playing and a stellar former-bank dome overhead.  The  salads were nice.  The onion soup was terrific. The fish we had for dinner was cooked nicely.  Overall, the meal was very nice without killer prices.  Next time we are in Edinburgh we will return.
Lovely cocktails in a nice relaxed atmosphere
WHOO HOO !!!  Just heard The Dome is putting up its Xmas decs next weekend. Must be the best place in town for a Xmas night out. Always make a point of popping in to see it
Beautiful place to have a cocktail in. I went there for a drink with friends whilst in Edinburgh. The drinks are quite expensive so wouldn't recommend going here all night. A round of drinks for 5 people (with one diet coke) was £17...not the cheapest but I  sure there are more expensive places in Edinburgh.

The main reason we went here were for the Xmas decorations. They are just spectacular. I know it is only Oct but they are a must see whilst in Edinburgh. The whole place smelled of Xmas too, gorgeous cinammon smell everywhere...not too over powerful, was just right. 

It is a mixed crowd, with people of all ages in there. Everyone was really friendly and people gave us a heads up that were leaving so could get their table. The place does need more chairs and tables. There were empty tables but no chairs as people took the chairs as big crowd sitting round one table...bit annoying.
5 stars for the BEAUTIFUL Christmas decorations! Totally got us in the mood for the holiday season! 

3 stars for service- it was nice, but sloowwwwww. Our waitress actually forgot to bring the tea for our "afternoon tea"... Though, I was perfectly happy with my champagne, but still... 

4 stars for the delicious afternoon tea spread: smoked salmon & cream cheese, roast beef & horseradish, egg salad-my fav, and ham & mustard sandwiches, scones with jam and clotted or whipped cream, and cutesy little cakes and macarons on the top! Yum! It was so much and so filling, we couldn't even think about having dinner. 

If you're thinking about a great holiday tea with your family or with the ladies, the dome is the best!
This is paradise for anyone who loves Christmas!  Their decorations are magnificent and it smells like happiness inside. Me and my boyfriend went there after being recommended and shared a club sandwich.  Sharing was a good idea since it was huge. We must go and try their afternoon tea,  we saw others who had it and it looked amazing!  Great place to take visitors!
I'm super conflicted on my review of The Dome ..

At Christmas time, The Dome is THE place to go.  Even if you just pop in to see it, see it.  It's like Christmas threw up and frankly, even for a scrooge like me, it's great.  It smells lovely, there are decorations everywhere and the tree is huge and awesome.  

But for The Dome itself?  Give it a miss.  I've not eaten here but The Man says the food is abysmal.  After a recent visit, I can however attest to the service and quality of the drinks.

We came here to soak up Christmas after a recent jaunt in the markets.  The place was, as you would expect on a Friday after work, packed.  We managed to get ourselves a perch at the bar and ordered a bottle of house wine, which was priced at £24.  £24 for wine which would stretch for a fiver at Tesco.  I realise we're on George St but that's ridiculous.
The biggest kicker was the fact that the bottle, with about 1 glass left in it, was whisked away when we weren't looking.  
When we realised what happened we waved someone down who happened to be the manager.  He disappeared for several minutes to return and inform us that none of the staff *said* they took a bottle with wine left in it but he brought us two glasses as an apology.  It was a nice gesture and was appreciated, though there was something about the way he worded it that sounded as though he didn't believe us but was going to humour us anyway.  

In any case, by that point we were done being shoved around by the increasing crowds and we left for more relaxed climes.  

In short - expensive drinks, poor beer selection, heaving, and a mixture of too-eager and slightly off-putting staff.  Come for Christmas but don't expect the experience to match the decoration.
Amazing cocktails. Amazing architecture. Amazing times to be had at the most beautiful bar in the world! The Dome must not be missed!
They have a Gluten Free menu but beware... I got horribly glutened here and was unable to eat for at least 48 hours after this meal. 

If you are a coeliac or very gluten sensitive DO NOT EAT HERE. This was the worst "Gluten Free" restaurant experience in over 4 years of being on a GF diet and it ruined part of my business trip to the UK.

I expect it will take at least a week to recover from this.
Gorgeous place! Was there for Hogmanay while all the Christmas decorations were up. Just lotsa pretty going on here. And it used to be a bank! How awesome is that? I was served the best Cosmopolitan I've ever had the pleasure to sip, hands down. Amazing stuff. Next time I'm around, this will be the FIRST place I visit instead of the last.
Whenever we have visitors from outside Edinburgh we always take them to the Dome to experience what must be one of the most beautiful bars in the world (and yes I've seen a few).

It can be described as being more of a tourist attraction than a local.  You can spot the tourist's as they are either looking up at the Dome in amazement or taking photo's.

Staff are friendly as well as very formal.  Serves lovely (expensive) cocktails and champagne.

All in all a must see bar if you visit Edinburgh (even if it's only for a coffee).
Great building.  I usually take my guests to Dome.  Everybody like their interior. Used to be bank branch.  Great especially in Christmas time.  Last but not least, food is great.  Especially their fish and chips are amazing!
Was at the bar this past weekend and had a couple of excellent Bloody Marys. The drinks are very detailed and tasty. A bit pricey, but that is to be expected on George Street. There is no view from the bar and little natural lighting, so I am giving a 3 rating instead of 4. Also, there is not free WiFi, which is annoying.
My partner and I were pointed in the direction of Rick's from a bouncer around the corner at The Opal Lounge (who had politely informed us that we were 2 years late for dinner service there!). We walked in and both thought yeah, just what we are looking for. It had that cosy feel, but with a buzz from music and people having fun (it was a Fri night). We were going to be seated next to the door but asked if we could have something further back and she took us to the conservatory. The smell of mint (from the frehly-made mojito's hit us as we walked through and whet our appetite for a cocktail from the (very) long selection list and both were happy with our choices.


 On to the food, to start I had the butternut squash & ginger soup and my GF had the mussels. Both were very good (and very decent portion sizes). A glass of house red each next with our mains and I don't know if they accidentally gave us red from the wrong bottle, but it was absolutely delicious.


 For mains, I had the rack of lamb with mushroom rosti (both were excellent and the lamb was cooked perfectly, if not slightly fatty). GF had pan-friend sea bass on a bed of scallop/king prawn risotto and we both agreed that this was one of the best risottos we'd ever had.


 After these considerable portions, there was no space for desert. We were also delighted to find out that our mains were BOGOF and the total bill came to a reasonable £50 (+ tips). Staff were friendly.
A nice experience.
You'd be forgiven for walking straight past the entrance to this place, tucked down a flight of steps just off George Street, but in my opinion that's half of it's charm. It's popular and highly-regarded without needing to shout about it; people know about it because of the quality, not because it's in your face.

It's easy to see why. When you step inside it's like being on some sort of Japanese garden terrace, with the green leafy plants and water feature. Rick's pay great attention to detail: every table has a copy of that morning's newspaper neatly folded on it, next to the fresh flowers, and the service is efficient without being annoying and intrusive.

Although it's never going to make the Top 10 list of cheapest places in Edinburgh, you do get what you pay for. That said, at the moment all of the Montpeliers venues have their "Better By Half" promos on: glasses of house wine, selected cocktails, selected beers and even champagne by the glass are all half price at the moment. I've been making the most of these offers every time I'm out for fear that they might finish soon, but despite my panic-drinking it seems they're here to stay for a whie yet. Happy Days.

I've only ever drunk here, but one of these days I will be going for food... the plates I've seen being carried to other tables do look and smell gorgeous. There are always enough people in here to give the place a nice buzz, but never enough to make it the kind of busy where service starts to slump and the temperature goes through the roof.
Rick's is a bit more unassuming than some of the other bars in the same area, hiding away beneath the basement area of Frederick Street, but really a lovely, chic little place to hang out of an evening and sip a beautifully chilled and superbly bubbly prosecco, much like I recently did. Mmmmm, prosecco, can't beat some fizzy, perfect temperature, liquid joy on a beaming sunny day.

There is outside seating at Rick's, immediate tick in the bonus check list, plus it does a really tasty, classic but modern range of food, for meals at both lunch and dinner. I've done both before, and have no complaints, the service has always been friendly and efficient, and the dining experience as a whole has been really positive.

Rick's definitely handles the mix of bar and restaurant well, with most people having no qualms about just sitting at the bar having a drink, while groups eat nearby. Some bar/restaurants make this an awkward experience, but the stylish, all round good looks of Rick's, and crucially its non-pretentiousness, make it a really attractive place to have a few cocktails with friends or have a relaxed banter over some food.
I really have nothing to compare Rick's to, considering we were in Edinburgh for about 48 hours for a wedding and didn't really have the opportunity to explore the nightlife around the city. But that's not to say I didn't do my fair share of drinking thanks to Matty and friends behind the bar. They make some excellent cocktails, reasonably priced, and fabulous, friendly service. 

The rooms are really comfortable and sleek, but beware - it's quite difficult to sleep on the weekend evenings as the bars let out around 3am and the noise carries - FAR. My suggestion: take Matty's recommendation for the piano bar next door and stumble home at 3:30am. Problem solved.
I know I gave Rick's 5 stars last time, I think I love it even more now. Like all the Montpeliers venues they have selected drinks on half price, which means you can enjoy the gorgeous surroundings without the expected price tag. 

But the best thing about Rick's in comparison to all the other places in this chain is that the cocktails included in the Better By Half promo are amaaaaazing and not like cocktails you'd find in any other bar. Although the Vanilla Daisy came in a depressingly small glass, the combination of vanilla vodka, grenadine, fresh lime, egg whites and soda slid down dangerously nicely. What I especially liked was that a lot of the ingredients were home-made, like the grenadine in my cocktail or the lemon sherbert in my friend's. 

And at only £3.50 each we could afford to have a few too many.
Having read Cheryl C's, Fiona H's and other reviews below, I had high hopes. I know Cheryl C likes her cocktails, and on an evening when I wanted a nice meal and *good* cocktails with a long-lost friend of two years, Rick's seemed to tick both those boxes in one.

Both the meal and the cocktails were nice, they just weren't worth writing home about. To elaborate...

The meal was quite nice, but quite generic. The £10 offer they have is quite bizarre. It's £10 for a main and either starter or pud, from a slightly more limited menu, but that menu includes a lot of the mains that are normally £14. That may tell you something about the quality of the food. It is by no means bad, it was good and I ate all of mine, but it was very generic.

The salmon sashimi was really just unsmoked salmon and dip. Not very sushi-esque. The chicken caeser salad was slightly dry (the chicken that is) the sauce tasted, I hate to say, out of a jar, and there were only two anchovies in my salad. I ate it, like I said, but as a foodie did not rave once. My friend's chicken parfait was also quite nice, in fact the nicest thing out of all (very rich and porty) but once chicken parfait does not a stellar dining experience make.

The lemon tart for dessert also tasted bought in. Nice-ish but lemon tart can be done SO well. This was very bland. And a little too heavy on the berry compote (it looked a bit like a bloody masacre).

The staff, however, were really friendly and sweet. And we were really, noteable impressed that they managed to serve the table of 14 beside us so efficiently. Their food came out quickly, and mains followed starters quite swiftly. But again, what does that say for the quality of prep in the kitchen....?

We switched to the bar for cocktails. A bit more lively, but the vibe here is definitely not the hip-and-happenin' one we were after. Suited office workers, a few friends out for a drink, but a bit quiet. It was Tuesday evening though. I had the El Diablo - tequila based with raspberries. It had a kick but tasted a lot like any other fruity, tequila based cocktail I've had. My friend's Aviator was far more unique and had a great kick. There's a huge cocktail list, but the prices are too much for what they offer. I've been to other cocktail connosieur bars where it's consistently cheaper with far more character and personality.

So overall I had a nice time here, but that's as exciting a word as I can think of to describe it. Were I invited to another dinner back here with a group of friends I wouldn't hesitate or say no - but I wouldn't be excited either.
I went for an early dinner the other night. As it was before 6pm we had to go for the Lunch menu which is the 2 mains for a tenner. Good deal, although menu little limited. We both opted for the gnocchi with chicken and spinach in a very nice creamy sauce. A very filling meal.Also had a nice balsamic salad to share. 
My friend had some sort of chocolate brownie style dessert with mascarpone cheese, which we both enjoyed!
Yes nice place to dine. Been a few times and will continue to go there
from time to time.
Its a good place to go on a sunny evening as sun pours in and the windows are open. Also adequate dining/seating outside.
Rick's use to be a regular haunt of mine, but I'm there less often, these days. This was the first time I'd eaten there in a while, and I have to say that I was rather underwhelmed.

Overall, we said: "unless my memory is very much mistaken, I've eaten many better meals than this in Rick's. This meal was in the territory of posh pub grub, whereas I had previously come to expect restaurant quality dishes. It's still a very stylish spot for drinks, so I'll definitely be back, but I'll think twice about eating here, next time."
I had been to Rick's before for drinks and knew that it was a nice bar and had heard good things about the restaurant so decided to book online and go for a meal.

On arrival, it was a bit hard to find the right person to ask for our reservation but we got there in the end! 
Unfortunately, we were seated in the part of the restaurant that is more of an extension of the bar than anything else and were, as a consequence, plagued by very loud music throughout our meal. It wasn't a deal breaker, it just meant that we had to shout over our meal to have any sort of conversation - not ideal.

Now, the food! The Thai soup starter was fantastic however the rest was good but not great. To begin with they were out of the fish which was my first choice and I found the lamb to be quite dry with an odd selection of vegetables. 
I'm told the beef selection was quite nice, but nothing very special.

The drinks afterward were very nice and quickly made cocktails. 

All the staff were very friendly and helpful.

Over-all we had a nice evening but I don't think we'll be going back here for a meal.
Two mains for a tenner sounded pretty good - particularly when one of the menu options was an 8 ounce burger with a side of fries.  For the non-bovine inclined there was a reasonable selection of alternatives.  Sadly my partner was non-plussed about her focaccia and roasted vegetables - it looked a pretty half-hearted effort to me.

The burger was good, with just enough charred edges to let you forget about an  unused udder dangling in a field somewhere. 

A good selection of beers on draft, but be warned - they don't come cheap.  A couple of pints of Blue Moon set me back over a tenner.  I'm maybe out of touch with pint prices, but i haven't had a bill shock like that since I filled up the car on super unleaded.

Decor typical of the chain, but pleasant enough and attentive and polite staff.  Not quite 4 star stuff for me, but a safe bet for a spot of lunch.
We had been wanting to pop in for a while, but just never seem to be in this end of town when we are looking for food or drinks. I had heard some really good things so when a voucher popped up I jumped at the opertunity to dine out here. On arrival you wander down some steps to the basement bar/reception area and the staff member that greeted us was friendly and welcomiong. The decor was contempory but... comfortable I guess, so the feeling of the place ends up being relaxed but trendy. Good start.

The staff through out the meal were friendly and proffessional even adjusting the sharing platter for a vegetarian option without fuss. To be honest I really could not fault the staff infact I think the service was great! The wine was another big thumbs up from me and the missus. 

The food however was just okay. Everything appeared very quickly as in the wine appeared and then a minute or so later the food. I guess this is a good thing it just felt a bit odd. The quality and presentation were fine, but again just okay. Nothing to really bang on about either way. The couple on the table next to us seemed to be having a similiar experince. 

I would pop back in for a drink, but I dont think I would go out of my way to eat here again. Nice place, great staff but slightly lack lustre food.
I had snapped up a 5pm.co.uk deal for Rick's a few months ago which had actually expired, but the management at Rick's were very co-operative about it.  There was a supplement for booking the deal on a Saturday so I ended up paying £135 for a bed/2 cocktails/breakfast package which I think should have cost around £185.

I had a pleasant experience, there are nice touches in the room like an iPod dock and hair straighteners.  The cocktails were great and breakfast was tasty.  Fair enough as other reviewers have noted there is no view to speak of, but if you walk 4 minutes to the end of Frederick Street you get a picture-postcard view of the Castle which is genuinely breathtaking.  On the downside: i) the bed was 2 singles pushed together and was incredibly spongy; ii) whoever was in the room upstairs had their marching boots on and woke me up; and iii) the room was incredibly hot.  A good night's sleep is unlikely to occur!

In summary however it's a nice place with nice staff in a great location and although I may have felt a bit overcharged if I had paid top whack, £135 felt OK.
Stayed here for two nights during a honeymoon trip to Scotland.  A top notch hotel located in the heart of Edinburgh.  Very stylish modern décor in the hotel and restaurant, many complimentary amenities in the room, world-class breakfast (I'm talking about a huge selection of items, cooked fresh to order and outstanding quality) and it was super clean throughout the building. The only thing preventing it from being a five star review is that there is no lift or convenient passage for hotel guests going from the entrance to their rooms.  You must navigate a narrow path through the actual restaurant.  However the clerk was kind enough to help with the luggage.  As others had mentioned, the racket of the bin collectors in the morning is loud enough to wake you up.  Although I can't really fault the hotel for that fact.  At the end of the day, you'll get great treatment and a very comfortable stay for the money you pay (very competitive price compared to similar hotels nearby).
Armed with a Voucher for a posh Burger meal Anita and I were not disappointed. 
The burgers are normally served on their lunch menu but for the sake of the voucher they have made those available for evenings too. 

Rick's is an boutique hotel, and the reception, bar & dining area is functional and modern with warm touches in colour and materials used. 

The voucher had Innis & Gunn as the beer option, but that was not available and I chose the Grolsch swing-top instead. No complaints there :o)

The burgers were big, juicy and well filled. The fries were skinny and crisp. 
I liked the meal and would recommend taking the burgers here. Though remember that you normally will have to fork out around £10-£13 for the burger - that to me is loosing 1 star. 

Service was very attentive, efficient and pleasant. Top marks! 
I'd go back.
Two friends and I had lunch here today, my second time visiting. They took advantage of the 2 mains for £10 deal while I had the leek and gruyere tartlet--yum!!! We ate outside in the intermittent sun, and my tartlet was gooey and hot and decadent, without being at all heavy. It came with a little pile of sticky onions which were extraordinary and full of flavour. Enjoyable place to have a casual lunch with good tasty food.
In the last 6 months Ricks has definitely had a good shake up, and after my fantastic experience last week I think things can only get better. The bar team are innovative and original and during a busy Friday night shift never failed to impress me as I worked my way through the new cocktail list! And the bar snacks were unique and delicious! The DJ provides a funky relaxed atmosphere and gradually builds up the beats to get you in that weekend mood! I will be back again and again and will be taking all my friends too! I recommend a passionfruit frozen margarita or 'busy with the fizzy' strawberry soda stream cocktail! Just fab!