Tasty, somewhat gourmet sandwiches.  Hot.  Cold.  You name it.  Great little sides as well.  Subway this place is not.  Also, doubles as a respectable little deli.  If you didn't think you spending enough money on cheese, stop in here and buy some $14 havarti.
Simply mah-vo-lis. Divine sandwiches and deli salads. They can be a little slow with the hot sandwiches but are well worth the wait. Besides, you get to play Trivial Pursuit while you wait. And I always buy my cheese there...and then buy some wine down the street at Barriques.
Just had my first lunch here.  I chose the avocado BLT and a cup of their squash soup. $6 and it hit the spot.  The soup was a little too sweet and I couldn't finish it, but the BLT was perfect.  I didn't try the cheese, but will next time.  Service was prompt considering there wasn't an empty seat in the house. 4 stars.
This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was September 24th 2008.  Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking.  

They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.  Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made.  So nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave.
I just finished my muffeleta sandwich from Dlicious Dishes and am trying to figure out a way to get back there as soon as possible to try more of the items! Workies and I ordered sandwiches to bring back from the office. They were D'LICIOUS! While there I also purchased some white truffle oil and 2 large wooden spoons. The place is filled with prepared foods that look amazing and priced well. There are also pastas and sauces and breads and all sorts of gourmet condiments. You need to check it out-- you can eat there or take it home. Either way, your tummy will be happy!
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile... and I finally got to!  The place is cool with lots of choices from sandwiches, soups, salads, etc.  To already prepared dishes that you can mix and match to make a great dinner with not much effort on your part.  We decided on the beef skewers with bell pepper and onions, for a side we chose green beans and twice baked potato.  It was very tasty!  I must say the meat was really chewy so i might not choose that particular main dish but I will definitely be back! Now if they only sold bottles of wine I would give them 5 stars:)
This place is very nice and has very good prepared food.  My family has tried the meatloaf and chicken and they both were good.  The twice baked potatoes are excellent.  My kids tell me the mac and cheese is too rich and not  cheesy enough.  The prices are very reasonable and the selection is fantastic.  I have been back a couple of times when time  was short and we didn't have any dinner  plans.  The help is  very friendly and you can try a sample  before you buy.  This  place is definitely on  our keeper list.
Awesome, fresh, home-cooked food. Mostly salads and sandwiches for lunch. Plenty of ready to heat/eat take-home dinner selections as well. Fantastic desserts from scratch. And a small, specialty grocery store to boot! 

Had the beef brisket on special for lunch. Perfectly cooked, served hot with swiss, mustard and red onion on a Kaiser roll. I liked it so much, they let me buy what was left in the kitchen to take home. Now that's service.

A lunch consisting of the daily special, a turkey wrap, two sides and two drinks and ran about $20 for two people. Maybe a bit on the pricey side, but the quality and service were worth it. For a neighborhood lunch/takeout dinner spot, this place is hard to beat.
A little Birdie told me I might be able to stuff my face here. Yeah the bird was right. 

It sits in a strip mall on the SE corner of 7th ave and Missouri. They have a few tables and chairs inside. It is a store and deli but they serve up some good eats. 

They have many healthy options here. My best friend cannot eat beef or pork. She like DD's because she can get chicken and turkey alternatives. Such as Turkey meat loaf, which I have to admit didn't sound good to me but I reluctantly tried it and it was good. I had this linguine with turkey sausage and peppers that was delish! 

They have a black eyed pea salad that is very good, & I didn't even like Black eyed peas before! Also try the gumbo wow is it good. 

You can go here and shop get lunch, cooking and baking supplies, even sign up for cooking lessons. Check it out great for lunch.
The service here was great.  The inside was nicely decorated, clean, and very cool on a very hot day.  They were closing early for July 4th in 45 minutes, but that didn't keep them from being extremely nice and helpful.  They had lots of different deli foods that were already prepared that looked great.  We ordered two italian cold cut sandwiches.  We had the option of chips or our choice of salad.  I got greek salad, and the fiance got pasta salad.  The sandwiches were tasty, but next time we'll try them on different bread.  The type of bread it came on was a bit too crusty for us, but the flavor was great.  Our meal came to about $17 total.

I look forward to going back.
Can you say Cherry Cobbler?  OMG I am a huge dessert freak and this is the very best Cherry Cobbler I have ever had.  Not too sweet, not too tart.  I literally licked the bowl.  I didn't even have ice cream on it.  I know they serve a lot of other things and those are also good but this cobbler was outstanding.  My husband picked up dinner there last nite and i remembered seeing a sign that they had cobbler so I asked him to get some too.  

Now do not eat it all because I will be coming back for more and I expect the fridge (I think that's where they keep it) to have a portion for me!
You don't have to cook fancy or complicated masterpieces - just good food from fresh ingredients.   Julia Child

Chef Tudie - Julia would be proud.... and I am damned honored to be able to serve your food in my own kitchen.  Everything we have had that your talented hands hath made has been exceptional!  

I love the fact that I no longer have to destroy my own kitchen to make a gumbo - why would I with a simmering pot of yours at my disposal almost every day?!  The truffle mac and cheese is simply to die for.  My husband - he who claims to be the utmost authority on crab cakes - uttered nothing but - ummm,  ummmm,  ummmmmm as he was devouring the Blue Crab Cakes that found their way onto his plate this evening.  And my children - God love 'em, but Mom is getting tired of making 2 dinners each night - adore your Cheese Stuffed Shells.  My 3 year old said it best "num num, all gone - Mommy - GET MORE!"....

Looking forward to introducing my work friends to this great "foodie haven" for lunch - can't wait until the Liquor License comes thru so we can enjoy some great wine to go with the wonderful cheese selection you now have. I love just browsing and shopping - always find something new that  I simply must have!  This is a great addition to the CenPho community!!
I've driven by this place numerous times and finally decided to stop in and see what the heck was going on in there.  I had heard they had food to go or something like that.  I discovered they had a few tables and I could eat in so I ordered the turkey meatloaf with side of mashed sweet potatoes and a side of garlic kale.  Faithful Companion had a salmon cake with a side of garlic kale and a side of butternut squash chunks.
The food was very fresh and well prepared.  All the veggies were al dente and seasoned just enough.  The two entrees were also very well done and neither left any oily residual on our plates.  And all of that for 12 bucks and change.. Wow.. I'm going back as soon as I get hungry again.. maybe tonight about 3AM!
Only had a chance to get some of their dry goods, so this does not reflect their sandos or salads.  That said, the owners couldn't have been nicer.  From chatting with me about how to use specialty ingredients in recipes, to telling me interesting tidbits like where the chilis in their jars of pickled chilis come from, it was clear that they liked what they were doing.  Seemed like a wide selection of sandwiches/salads, and there is an area where you can kick back and read some of the varied cookbooks from their personal collections.  Pretty cool.

Am looking forward to going back and trying menu items.

BTW - This shares the same location as Petit Fromage.
I really wish that I had gotten a larger size of the tortellini salad, it was super.  And the key lime dessert was ridiculously wonderful....mellow, not too tart but not too sweet.   I also wish that I had gotten the apricot pork tenderloin, it looked great.  My daughter did love her two cookies :-)  This is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!!!!
I've been in here like a million times to raid the counter at Petit Fromage, but I had never actually tried any of the offerings from D'Licious Dishes.  Finally, the husband and I had way too busy of a schedule to go out to eat or to even make dinner at home so I picked up a piece of sausage lasagna and some garlic mashed potatoes here.

Once I got home and reheated my food I nestled up on the couch to eat and watch Judge Judy.  I was not prepared for how delicious my food was going to be!  The garlic mashed potatoes were beyond perfect.  They were smooth and creamy but with some chunky pieces every now and then.  The garlic flavor was perfectly balanced.  You could definitely taste it, but you weren't tasting it hours later.  The lasagna was exceptional as well.  It was also really big for a really fair price, 7 bucks I think.  The noodles were a perfect al dente, the tomato sauce was fresh and robust, the ricotta was yummy, and the sausage had a great kick to it.  I have nothing bad to say about this place!  Plus, they share space with my new obsession, so how can I go wrong?
If you want good food fast this is it. Chef Tudie is a wonder... and a new cheese shop is there, great for the upcoming holidays. 
Tudie's crab cakes are the best!!!
The art is great too.
Truly a needed gem for this neighborhood!  Finally, a local gourmet purveyor that isn't a corporate chain. Upscale grocers with ready made foods were fine when we didn't have options, but why not support an independent business when the opportunity is available? The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, from triple cream cows milk cheese to garlic mashed potatoes; the food is glorious.  I recommend the truffle mac and cheese, it is ridiculously good, I am now hooked.  Thank you :)
Ok, it is true I was "just looking" and didn't actually eat the food - BUT - have decided that must be rectified asap.  D'licious Dishes is kind-of like the take out food section at AJ's, but healthier, more imaginative, and it looks better and fresher.  They have a good selection of soups and premade salads to choose from, along with some entrees and - best of all - some very unhealthy looking desserts that look amazing and worth every calorie and fat gram. 

Petite Fromage, the cheese shop, is inside the store, and they have some unique artisan cheeses that are worth a stop too.  

Staff at both counters chatted us up.  They're clearly proud of their store (stores?), love talking about their products and aren't shy about giving samples.
This time I did get the pork tenderloin....excellent!  I also got my mom a delicous salad and got a little coconut "taste-size" dessert.  Love this place!

And I have been told that they will make HcG diet meals and other special meals to order!  How cool of them!
After reading so many banging reviews I decided to hop in to DD's and give it a try. I was immediately impressed with the selection. Tons of fresh salads, sandwiches and mains. I was feeling to lazy to cook so I picked up the garlic mashed potatoes (FANTASTIC for garlic lovers), the grilled veggies (delicious). I also got the turkey meatloaf that while a little dry, had a wonderful flavor and consistency. Next time I may have to pick up some sauce for the top. Same can be said for the pork, it was a bit dry, but I had some mango chutney I threw on top and it was great. 

I can't wait to come back and try one of their many sandwiches, or soups, or lasagna, or eggplant parmesan, or chili relleno... You get the picture. 
Dinner for 2 for about 20 bucks and home made meals without the hassle of cooking. This place rocks.
I live five minutes from D'licious Dishes, and yet I only recently stopped by for dinner. Which makes me sad, because it means I've been missing out on outstanding food for almost a year. But luckily I know of D's greatness now.

For my first visit, I had a grilled vegetable wrap with a side of veggie slaw and a bigger side of the orzo-feta salad. I think I moaned, several times, while I ate it. The "eating-good-food" moans. (Note, I was alone.) I won't go into more detail, because it will just be redundant about how great the food is.

The service was great - the woman who helped me behind the counter was happy to answer any questions I had, as well as serve up any samples I wanted. I'm looking forward to my next meal at D'licious Dishes, because I know it will be - wait for it - delicious.
First off, let me apologize to D'Licious Dishes. I have lived right down the street from you, driven past you, checked you out, heard good things, but never pulled the trigger. My loss.   

I decided to check you out yesterday and was surprised at your vast array of yumminess. How could I not realize you were my soulmate when you have three of my favorite qualities: Wine, Meat and Sandwiches? 

On our first date yesterday, you treated me to a great bottle of Washingon State Merlot and two small pies.   I was thinking about you all night after that one. 

Round two was today. You filled me with your amazing daily special of a Cuban sandwich and a side of your orzo salad with feta. I must say that you gave me the best cuban sandwich I've ever had!  That puppy was done right with the pork slow roasted in Sofrito, and then shredded. I've actually never had pork in a sandwich that good, like, ever!  The bread was perfectly crusty, cheese just right and perfect amount of pickles. Seriously?   Where have you been all my life? 

D'licious Dishes, or DD, I think I love you. Youi'll be seeing more of me in the near future...pssssst just don't tell my wife
Great food!  Tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade.  Like everything else, it was freshly made and made with care.  I generally don't like sandwiches much, but this one hit the spot.  Half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home, but the other half didn't even last until dinner. 

I couldn't imagine what they could do to make things better there...maybe start serving breakfast?

I have, however, come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons.  How else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you?  "Have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are?"  "There's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit"  Oh, I'm on to you!
The caprese sandwich is to-die-for.
On top of the food being delicious, the customer service is very delightful, and the place has a really cool chill vibe.
Also - try their gumbo!
OMG DD! OMG! I'm eating my roast beef sandwich now, typing this review and pounding my hands on the table like Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally...moaning, groaning and achieving culinary orgasms. 

Now that's a pretty picture for ya!

House roasted roast beef with a blue cheese horseradish spread, red onion, tomato and my favorite green next to Brian Austin Green...arugula! All served on a yummy artisan roll. 

Such a cute place with a case FULL of delicious looking temptations from crab cakes to mashed sweet potatoes to chocolates and cheeses and VINO!! Great staff...friendly and helpful. Why I'm even a proud card carrying member of their sandwich club. And I'm sure it won't take me long to earn that free heavenly sandwich!

DD! Fyi...I will return to you asap!
I've been to the D'licious Dish twice in one month already, and both times with my mom/both parents. If you knew how picky my parents are when it comes to food, you would realize just how epic our visits have been.

The first time I went to the D'licious Dish was on accident. I was supposed to meet my Mom next door at the Two Hippies pizza place, but it was too crowded for her, so she decided to look in at the Dish. And thank goodness! She had the Caprese sandwich (mozzarella, basil?, and tomato, served warm and with a phenomenal dipping sauce) and I had the roasted veggie sandwich, which was packed with so many veggies, I had to take part of the meal home!

The best part about the Dish is that for the price, you get a huge meal. Not only are there tons of options for sandwiches, but you also can choose a 'side' with your sandwich. There are a ton of sides to choose from, from potato salad, egg salad, veggie salad, fruit salad... and those are just the ones my family/friends have tried!

The next time we went, I had the tuna sandwich, which was a little too salty for my taste unfortunately. Dad had the Tuna Melt sandwich on sourdough, and he couldn't stop raving about it. My friend had the roast beef sandwich, and he couldn't believe how much food we all got at such a reasonable price.

My favorite part of the Dish (and what bumps it up to 5 stars) is the vast selection of sweet treats they have. Again, the price is incredible for what you get. The cookies were (I believe) a dollar each, but they were big and very flavorful. My parents also tried some of the chocolate confections made by the San Francisco treat company (I'm getting the name wrong, but it's approx.) SO decadent--the 3 of us split the brownie and it was almost too much to finish!

The Dish is definitely a place my family will be going to a lot in the future! For the choices, price, and delicious array of chocolates and other goodies, I highly recommend the Dish!
Wow, I happened to find DD on Yelp last night while looking for some grub. I am sold on this place. They offer high quality heat and eat or ready to eat entree's, sides and deserts as well as wine and other beverages. The place is in a strip mall but it is much higher end inside than you would expect. The prices are reasonable and the food reheats easy, usually just a bit in the microwave, but they will gladly offer tips if you need them. They do have a few tables inside and you can order eat in, but mostly it is designed to take home or back to the office.

I am glad that there is a place like DD in Phoenix. Many others have tried but DD does it right with a huge variety of fresh items. I will be back.
Great, cheap, deli-plus. Wine selection was basic and a bit over-priced, but the cheeses and candy are stand-out.
I don't have a sweet tooth, however, I did one day when I pranced into this fabulous ...family owned and operated ...Deli?  I spotted a cute little coconut creme pie about 2 inches in radius and I thought...maybe just today.  

Then I tried their Portabello Stuffed Mushroom (LOVE IT!!!) and their Italian Chef Salad.

Barb....(the owner) you make the meanest Italian Chef Salad EVER! I'm so hooked.  If anyone is familiar with my postings, I've been searching high and low for a cobb salad here....forget the cobb. It's ALL about the Italian Chef now.  The salad was $10.50 but well worth it with all the meat that's piled on there. The coconut creme pie was $4 which is a bit pricey but it's delivered ...it's not made there. The Portabello was $4.95 i think...and that was WELL worth it.

D'licious Dishes...you've won my heart....one coconut creme pie at a time....
I was browsing Yelp to find a different lunch spot, and then I saw the word Muffelatta. I literally jumped up and ran out the door, anxious to try a New Orleans (and personal) favorite.
DD is a remarkably clean, friendly environment. The people there are wonderful. They have imported beer, wines, cheeses, pastries and sauces for sale in the place, but the reason I was there was for the deli counter.
The counter was stocked with delicious meals spread across 10 yards. I remember seeing chicken breast, eggplant lasagna, sausage lasagna, pork tenderloin, blackened fish, stuffed portabellos (man those look good), and many more items I can't remember. Anyway, about the muffelatta...
The bread and meats are fresh, and the olive loaf is homemade (from what I can tell.) The italian bread isn't covered with sesame seeds, as I'm used to, and the sandwich was more salty/savory than tart, as I'm accustomed to, however it was good. It wasn't quite authentic enough for my taste, but it was a very good sandwich. I really can't place my finger on the difference. Maybe needed more salami and less ham? Regular vinegar instead of balsamic? Anyway, if you want to try it and expect a good sandwich, you won't be disappointed.  I chose the Greek salad as my (complementary) side; garbanzos, cucumbers, Roma tomatoes, olives and feta. I really liked it. I also tasted the black eyed peas; it was okay. I think I made the better selection.

I also bought a pint of chicken and andouille gumbo. That's my specialty dish, so I have high expectations. Again, if you're serving Louisiana cuisine, I expect it to be Louisiana good! The chicken and sausage are both good and plentiful. For my taste, however, the broth was a little too tomato-ey. It's okra-based (vs making a roux, which would result in a darker soup) so there is a slight difference in personal preference between the two, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. It was authentic and I enjoyed it. 
The soup and sandwich cost $16; I could've gotten a smaller portion but I will have two meals out of it. Two can easily split the meal and have plenty of food.  Considering the quality and freshness, it's definitely worth the price.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. 
I knew I would love it the second I walked in, because the entire atmosphere of this establishment screams: "my owners and employees take care of me and care a lot about quality!!!"
The staff was friendly, and patient with me while I spent about 20 minutes deciding what to order for take out (everything, I mean EVERYTHING looked tasty!)
While this place isn't "cheap", I didn't regret a single penny because the portion sizes were generous, and I knew that what I was putting into my mouth had been thoughtfully prepared and was healthy and filling. 
I cannot rave about this place enough.. check it out!
Amazing cheese selection and fresh deli items.  Friendly staff will help you make selections, and offer useful advice about what's good that day.  They truly understand the importance of mustard.  Slightly pricey food, but top-notch quality.  It is possible to craft a lunch for under $8, but tricky.
It's really easy to write reviews about places like D'licious Dishes.  This was my second visit since Petite Fromage sadly closed.  This time, I was with my mother and wife.  We each ordered a sandwich and a side salad for about $7.00 per person.  Everything was really very good.  I honestly think I would have been satisfied with only half of the cuban sandwich that I ordered, but it was so good, I had to finish it right then and there.  My wife and I are moving into a house in the Medlock Historic District, directly behind D'licious Dishes, and we have decided to make this our standing Saturday lunch spot.  I was too full to indulge in their beautiful selection of sweets, but I will be sure to dive into that area on my next visit.
Worst Place Ever to Eat Chips were Stale and out dated meat smelled funny plenty of flies buzzn around
Very nice upscale deli counter.

My daughter had the Spaghetti with Marinara and added three meatballs.  She loved it.

They also had "free" chocolate-dipped strawberries and chocolate mini-cupcakes the day we were there, celebrating I think they said their 2-yr anniversary.  They were delish.

We will definitely return at some future date and spend some more money.
Yay! I'm so happy to see my neighborhood staple get the love it deserves! The food here is amazing! As an upscale deli counter, they have everything from deserts, to a cheese stand, to prepared foods to go. 

D'licious Dishes has partnered with several local companies to sell their brands : Berto's for ice cream; and their cold refrigerated section offers fresh and frozen dishes to keep for later (Truffle Macaroni and Cheese anyone?). Do try their soups (Gumbo is amazing); and check out their charchuterie (Locally made pepperoni - Wild Boar). 

Located at Missouri and Bethany Home, its definitely more of a neighborhood spot.

Also, its closed on Sundays- so stock up on Sat. for your Sunday dinner.
The selection and the food is awesome.  Great for our household with full time workers and full time students!  Their stuffed shells are by far my favorite and they are VERY reasonably priced.  Staff for the most part are very friendly, there is one kid there that just seems completely clueless - for example we called ahead to get an order put together, and he just gave the phone to someone else without saying anything to us on the phone...yea...really awkward moment.  But for the most part, we love it here.
My family and I still go here all the time, and it is still amazing. Now it's our fall back place if we can't decide what to eat, or if we're too lazy to cook something, or if we have guests and we want to take them to a "special" place.

Yes, this is the "special" place we bring guests to... because it's that amazing! Everyone can find something to eat here, from hardcore meat-eaters to die-hard vegans. Soooo good.

Basically, my update on this place is that it's so amazing, it's a continuous fall back place for my family and me to go to when we're in a pinch or when we can't agree on anything else. Yum!
Me and my Pops stopped by for lunch a couple of weeks ago. We actually came across it by accident due to me hitting a curb and blowing out my tire...stopping the first place I could and happening upon D'licious Dishes. Such a pleasant surprise. 

The inviting atmosphere of this upscale deli feels more like visiting someone's home kitchen. The turkey cranberry sandwich and chocolate chip cookie I had tasted equally homemade and yummy. As for the service, it was warm and welcoming.  

D'licious Dishes also has a great selection of cold grab and go entrees and sides for a fabulous "homemade" dinner when you're in a rush. I picked up some of their stuffed portabello mushrooms to serve as appetizers that night. Unfortunately, they were so good that I didn't get to try any. That's right, they were gobbeled up just minutes after they came out of the oven. Evidence that they too, must have been quite tasty. 

I will definitely be returning when I want a quality sandwich, when I'm too lazy to make a decent dinner, or when I want to bring something impressive to a party and just haven't had the time to cook it up myself (of course I'll take alllll the credit, sorry D'Licious Dishes!).

Oh and p.s. they have fantastic selection of vino and microbrews! Um, necessary!
I am a horrible person for not writing this review a month ago. I blame the holidays. 

I've gotten dinner for myself a few times at D'licious Dishes and each time the food has been superb. You can see the love that goes into the food. I've never seen a takeout place to equal this. 

D'licious Dishes did something amazing; They saved Thanksgiving for me! 

I had planned to host the family celebration this year since I have family in both Flagstaff and Tucson (hooray for being in the middle!). A few days prior to the holiday my sister found out that she had to work Thanksgiving evening. Now, when it comes to cooking for a crowd I'm more than a little insane about planning and timelines. This screwed everything up. 

Rather than spend the entire time cooking I opted for the lazy way out. I would order out, allowing me to spend some quality time with the family. Enter D'licious Dishes. 

The Thanksgiving menu was wonderful and reasonably priced. I ordered a half turkey breast, a pork tenderloin, garlic 'taters, sweet potatoes, kale, stuffing and gravy and those wonderful green beans. 

The staff is amazing. They walked me through my order and didn't bat an eye when I came back a few days later to add on a few items. The day before Thanksgiving the food was packed and ready to go, along with details on how best to cook everything. 

My family and I loved every dish. In all honesty it was one of the most relaxed and pleasant Thanksgiving days that I've ever had. 

I think that D'licious Dishes may become a Thanksgiving tradition for me. 

Thank you!
This place has the most AMAZING selection of cheeses. EVER. Boyfriend got me a tasting selection of about five different cheeses for my birthday last year and I was in heaven. Truly amazing variety and all were super yummy.
I really like this place. Every time I am in the staff is friendly and helpful. There is a nice variety of vegetarian fare. The food may seem pricey but the quality and freshness is there to justify it. Today I had the stuffed mushroom cap and greek salad both great. And for dessert (and all afternoon snacking) I have a chocolate truffel cake. YUMMY!!!
BEEF & BLEU! The 2nd most expensive sandwhich item they sale but the 1st place winner of sandwiches! 

Aside from the 2 ladies being the sweetest owners I have talked to...

Aside from the collection of cheeses that bring me back every time...

Aside from the friendly staff...

Aside from the meaty goodness of the sandwiches...

Aside from alllllllllll of that...this place is my new favorite place to eat lunch...(LGO is still veryyyy close to the top.)

NOTE: I just got hungry...i am going back.

R\_
If you like good food, nice people, and really good food then you have to goto DD's. I heart Double D's too and you will once you eat here. I had the Caprese with Salami and Orzo salad with a Dad's Orange Soda. Perfect.

They gots tons of salads and take home dishes. One huge cheese case and another for the desserts. They also have spices, wine, and beers. The best beers are the ones in the cans BTW

Apparently they will be opening a kiosk at the airport in a bit with some other local restaurants. Good food at the airport.
So good. The selection of amazing dishes is staggering. I can't recommend any dish over another because every single one I've had has been excellent. You can't get food this good for this price anywhere.
I love this place, especially because it's on my way home from the train. Good quality food (that I couldn't easily make myself) for perfectly reasonable prices. I don't buy meat at the grocery store so if I need an entree I can stop off and easily supplement my veggie/pasta basics with something unique and tasty. 

When I went in the staff was super friendly, even when I got a little indulgent and over-sampled. Yum yum!
Finally... FINALLY I managed to visit D'licious Dishes!  After years of traveling past it and telling myself, "I need to go in there," I managed to get my lazy butt there and give it a try.  And, oh boy, it lived up to what everyone has been saying.  The customer service was spectacular and the food just as amazing.

The first thing I saw when I entered was their dessert case. I was dying just looking at the scrumptious offerings.  I desperately wanted to get some goodies, but I was being good and was going to go the "as-healthy-as-I-can" route.  

I was greeted by the owner, I think, who asked me if this was my first time visiting.  When I said yes, she proceeded to explain what they offered, the pricing and the specials they had for the day.  I placed my order for the Turkey Pita, and while waiting for them to prepare it, I looked around the tiny store.  I starred longingly at the dishes in the display case, thinking about what I would want for my next visit. After a few minutes, the order was ready, I paid and I was on my way.  It initially seemed a little pricey for a sandwich, but the more I thought about it, I realized I pay almost the same thing for a sandwich at Paradise Bakery, but this sandwich was beyond comparison to those. It was made-to-order and made from love (I like to think, anyway)!  That's priceless, isn't it?!

I'm so glad I finally decided to check out D'licious Dishes.  I definitely won't be waiting for long before I come back to try more of their selections. And, the next time, I won't be so good -- I'm getting a dessert with my meal no matter what!
Great food, both hot and cold.  Excellent service, my lemonade cup stayed full and we were checked on at just the right interval!  Wonderful atmosphere.  Cozy tables for 2 are set among shelves of wine, spices and perusable cookbooks.

My bowl of delicious gumbo and generously sized warm rumsauced bread pudding was just over $12, so affordable also.

We'll be back!
Closing tomorrow 8-24 - forever.

Got this in the e-mail today"

Thank You!
 
To our loyal customers:  We wanted to thank you for your support over the years.  D'Licious Dishes has closed its doors for financial reasons. 

Tomorrow, August 24, from 10-4 we are blowing out any remaining inventory.  Wines and beer will be 25% off and all other retail, cheeses and prepared food items will be 50% off.

Please stop in and stock up on some real bargains.  We would appreciate it a lot.

D'licious Dishes
5345 N. 7th Avenue
Phoenix, Arizona 85013
dliciousdishes@live.com
I absolutely love this place!  The food was delicious and the service was excellent!  I have always complained at restaurants that I need a "pictorial menu".  Well, this is the place for that.  You can look at all of the selections before you try one and they offer samples readily and happily.  I will be back often!
When you're halfway up Victoria St anyone with a sense of smell will become aware of the strong aroma of cheese, a bijou establishment called Iain Mellis is responsible. This is mecca for cheeselovers - or turophiles if you want to use the correct terminology.

Mellis's has won a number of prestigious foodie awards and supplies many of Edinburgh's best restaurants and hotels. It's easy to see why; there are countless varieties of excellent, quality farmhouse cheeses to choose from and something to suit all tastes, whether you're looking for something mild and creamy or strong and smelly. The staff are incredibly helpful and will let you sample before you buy, I could easily spend all day in here sampling everything! Given the high quality of the produce, the prices are also quite high, but the old cliché 'you get what you pay for' is very much applicable. 

If you're a cheese fan and haven't been to this shop yet, you are seriously missing out - plan a visit as a matter of urgency!
Cheese lovers rejoice!
As if Victoria Street didn't have enough shops to satisfy your taste buds, there's this amazing small cheese shop I love.
   Not only is it located on my favourite street but you can also sample their delicious cheeses as well. Although it's a bit pricey their quality is excellent and well worth for that special dinner party you may have in mind.(Or just to spoil yourself for the heck of it)

 The staff have always been extremely friendly and despite the shops small size it's crammed with countless cheeses, as well as organic nib bits to go with them, jams and organic chutneys. Keep your eyes peeled for the shops speciality of that day as well. 

 If you like cheese, just go!
You can smell I J Mellis before you see it, which used to be a grievance with me when I was younger. Now that I have grown up a bit and really appreciate fine produce, I have grown to love the aroma that wafts up from this shop on Victoria Street.

I J Mellis specialise in cheeses from Scotland, England and Ireland, and are great at showcasing the cheese that is produced practically  on our doorstep (not literally, of course - that would be weird!)

So even though I have never experienced someone stirring dairy produce outside my house in the morning, I have tasted some gorgeous cheese made in Arran, up north and in Ireland. The Ireland cheese in particular is scrumptious - it's billed as being salty, but I find it gives it flavour. They also sell Scottish outcakes, delicious milk and some deli appetisers.

It's pricier than going to the supermarket, but then you would expect that from a place with such quality foods. People certainly don't seem to mind paying extra either, since these cheeses are treats. Great for cooking but also for special occasions - some of the flavours in here would make for a very colourful cheese board indeed! I'd recommend trying the blue cheeses - I was a bit shy of them before I tried I J Mellis since they are typically potent, but some of the Scottish blues sold here give you a good introduction.

You could almost say I J Mellis reeks of quality, but to suggest that would be cheesy(!)
Oh. My. God. Not in an annoyng Janice-from-Friends sort of way, but I guarantee that those will be the first words out of your mouth once you've stepped in here and swallowed back your drool. And no, I'm not over-exaggerating!

I've never seen so many cheeses crammed into one tiny shop. There's a huge section of blue cheeses (but they're kept separately from all the others in case all you people who are allergic to penicillin were wondering), a huge section of local cheeses as well as another section of more exotic ones.

They are definitely pricey. Prices range from £20-£30 per kilo, so it's definitely not the sort of place you go to get your cheese on toast ingredients, but for a special occasion (or if you're just loaded) it's perfect. But the friendly service eases the pain on your purse - not only did the woman that served me know exactly what she was on about (I didn't know there were so many flavours you could get out of one tiny bite of cheese?!) but she also let me try a nibble of as many as I wanted.

If reincarnation exists, I want to be a mouse. Not that I saw any mice in here, just for the record, but if I were a mouse this is where I would try.
Does Edinburgh really need three branches of I.J. Mellis? If you've sampled the cheese they sell, you'll know the answer is YES. 

Established in 1993, this picturesque shop is the original I.J. and is located halfway down the charming Victoria Street in the Old Town. It's tiny compared to delis like Clark's and Valvona & Crolla but they manage to pack a lot of character and flavour into the space. On a weekend it's usually crammed with tourists ooohing and aaahing at the produce but in the week, its easy to walk in and pick up supplies for a last minute picnic.

On those rare occasions, my basket usually includes a campagne loaf, rustica olives, grilled artichokes, parma ham, Montgomery Cheddar, Ragstone goats cheese and some Mrs Kirkham Lancashire.
We love this cheese shop! It was a stop on the Eat Walk Edinburgh Walking Tour. At that time we sampled some of the best tasting cheeses either of us had eaten. The young man who guided us through our tasting was terrific! He has a passion for his job and it showed.We went back the next day for some more of the lovely local sheep cheese. Yes it might be expensive but we paired it with some bread, wine and fruit for a nice supper...our least expensive meal in the UK so far.
Victoria Street is a favorite as well. Drop into the DemiJohn shop for a unique taste of fruit infused vodkas, sherrys, oils and vinegars.
Wonderfully knowledgable cheesemonger. Try all the Scottish cheeses.
This review should probably just be the word "cheese" written over and over until it ceases to make sense. As that is what Mellis do, solely, and extremely well: cheese. Cheese, cheesy, cheese.

You'll smell this shop before you see it (cheeeeeesecheese), and on first walking in the smell is so much stronger than you had prepared for. (CHEESE!) Small, and cold, but the perfect temperature and setting for a massive table of cheese, with a small counter to pay, a small fridge for cooler cheese, and a few shelves for biscuits and oatcakes.

The shop assistants are happy to give guidance. I procured 3 cheese when I last visited. One by recommendation (Lanarkshire Blue), and two as a random picking of pot luck. The goats cheese was very mild (too mild for my tastes) but the Smoked Ardahag cheese was very unusual, very delicious (in a pongy sort of way) and everyone at the dinner party seemed to agree. (One person said it tasted like marmite, and in hindsight I can see what she meant).

So in conclusion, cheese cheese cheese. CHEESE!
This is the most incredible cheese shop I've ever seen. Lots of fresh selections of Scottish cheese. Loch Arthur Cheddar & Lanark Blue are the best. Warning: Use of these cheeses will create future cravings.
Simply the place to go for cheese in Edinburgh, decent range of local and foreign cheeses. Would have been 5 stars but each time I've gone in customer service a bit off-handish.
Sourcing nearly everything from France: Henris French food and wines can at least lay claim to some of the most authentic French deli produce available in the Morningside area of Edinburgh.  Having arrived there quite late in the day the freshly baked bread was scarcely available from the wicker baskets, but alas the cheeses where there for me to try! Sampling the Rogallais Montagne (a creamy and rich beast of a cheese) and taking more than my fair share of the Counta (a type of hard cheese with a fine lasting taste) I was pleasantly surprised (I usually associate French cheeses with the smelly, gooey texture of a Camembert). They stock a sizeable selection of wines too of which I spotted a pretty cheap Chablis on offer. Specialist deli's are not the cheapest, and neither is this one, but as cheeses develop flavour with age its just a matter of time before your penny stack rises and you can purchase some of Henri's produce.
Henri's French Food and Wines is an expensive delicatessen in Morningside which (obviously) specialises in sourcing only French produce.  The shop front looks inviting and the owner is pleasant and offers all the advise she can about the various cheeses, biscuits, wines, cold meats olives which are on offer.  
I know next to nothing about wine, yet it is clear that Henri's is well stocked in it with a wide variety of vintage reds, whites and desert wines.  They also have an impressive and eclectic display of cheeses ranging from hard, mature cheddars to soft, sticky camemberts.  
As I mentioned above, the quality of the food means it has a price tag to match.  Further, in my opinion, it doesn't really make sense to be buying French ham in Edinburgh when there's meat of the same standard being produced within a fifty mile radius.  And cheaper.
Edinburgh has many delis. If you after your kalamata olives or extra virgin olive oil, or French cheese flown directly over, you have many choices. 

Henri's French Food is one of those places. Nothing really makes it pop, but walking in you can sort of forget you are in Scotland, but at a local brasserie in Paris stocking up. Until you see the pound sign and the number next to it. The girl at the cashier was very helpful and I got some cheeses for a special dinner, but I don't think I would come to shop here just for the sake it stocks goodies from France, and certainly not for any other reason other than a special occasion or for a gift.
Henri's is not, as others have remarked, the cheapest joint in town for buying a bottle of wine or a nice cheese. The stock they have is great in both regards, however (confirmed by my Parisien other half), and well worth splashing out if you're looking to treat yourself. A particularly nice 'saint-marcelin' cheese stands out in our memory, and they also stock a variety of other French goodies. 

What takes us back time and again, however (as well as them being just round the corner from our flat) is their bread, croissants, and coffee. The croissants, pains au chocolat etc are really a cut above what you'll find in most other places in Edinburgh, and are not overly expensive (less than £1 each). I highly recommend their 'escargot chocolat'- essentially a danish-like pastry with chocolate chips. Get there early though- most bread and pastries seem to disappear by early afternoon!

Sandwiches are also excellent value, made fresh with lovely ingredients: try the 'Loire': Goats cheese, pesto, apple & salad.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and it's a nice place to sit if you can bag one of their 2-3 indoor tables. That's probably one of the only gripes we have- there's often not enough space, except in the summer when there's more seating outside.

In summary: fantastic spot for a croissant/sandwich and a coffee (especially in summer), or for spoiling yourself with a genuinely French treat.
Happiness, happiness is a baguette, that you possess... well, a sun dried tomato loaf of deliciousness. Bread should have character, and supporting flavour to any dish - slicing bread just defies that concept. But Henri's stocks some marvelous carbs. The rest of it's offerings I have to admit, left me a little cold, but when you have bread like Henri's, what more do you want?
Only been in here once and I am impressed. Had lots of salamis and cheese and other goodies. Was also able to find Quail eggs here which I have used before when I worked in the culinary field. ( Sunny side up quail eggs on a salad with a lemon vinaigrette ) The staff was super friendly and I had a good chat about where they get their goods from. Its imported or comes from local sources. My kind of shop! I will come back again when I am in the area but I recommend going here for all your french food needs in your kitchen. I believe they have pastries as well but I cannot confirm that. Anyways go here folks great little french shop!
Having been a very satisfied customer of Henri's deli for a while now, I though it was about time I sang their praises.

There are two branches, one in Stockbridge, which I gather goes for a more bistro approach and one in Morningside. This is the only branch i've visited and is much more of a shop/deli.

Henri's are dedicated to providing some of the best produce from all over France, many of which have been handpicked by the very friendly owner himself. They stock more French cheese varieties than you can shake a baguette at, charcuterie (this is the only place I know of in Edinburgh to get proper Bayonne ham), condiments, preserves, daily baked bread and all sorts of speciality foodie treasures. I don't go for sweets personally but their macarons are imported directly from Paris and i'm sure would impress those with an inclination.

There are two things that I love the most about Henri's. Firstly; the wine and beer. They have a glorious selection of wines, largely organic and additive free (which practically makes it a health supplement... honest) again, expertly chosen by the owner, from independent vineyards across many regions and exclusive to Henri's. Their beer is from the unique, award winning, Brasserie du Mont Blanc.

Secondly; their filled baguettes. Henri's make the best sandwiches, without exaggeration, I have ever had. The creme de la creme (a little token French for you, there) being the 'Gascon' A fresh crusty baguette filled with shredded confit duck, goat's cheese, organic fig chutney and mixed  salad leaf. I'm struggling to think of anything between two slices of bread that tasted better.

No, it's not the cheapest place to shop but the cost is qualified by the quality. And when you consider that at £3.50, their take-away baguettes are little different in price to a "sandwich" from Subway, it's a bargain in comparison.
I think that this is the retail arm of the wholesale business already on Yelp. Since I am a retail customer I have added this business info.

I have got to say that is shop is soooo good. The staff really know their stuff and are great at making suggestions based on your likes and your needs. I must say that this is a very strong rival to Mellis - perhaps because it has a real family feel to it as opposed to the slightly more "chain" feel that Mellis has these days. I love that they also sell other high quality produce you may want along with your cheese - crackers, chutneys, quince, olives, bread, anchovies etc. I have not tried their pastries, but their croissants look HUGE!! 

This is a great shop for gift buying, and the family Christmas cheeseboad is always stocked from here! A true gem in Bruntsfield.
I walked by this shop the other day and randomly decided to go in, and I am so glad I did. Its full of huge rounds of cheese, breads, meats and olives. Its the kind of shop you would go to if you had company coming over for dinner. Or perhaps you were going to be on Come Dine With Me and only the finest produce would do.

I love cheese, but my figure doesn't. I could quite happily sit in this shop and nibble on the huge selection of cheese, there is so many to try it would take forever to get through them all. The products in here completely blow supermarket produce out the water, this is real quality produce. I enjoyed some Mull Cheddar and some Brie and it really was delicious. It wasn't badly priced too which was a real bonus. I took home some bread too which was carbohydrate goodness. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly too, and its always great to support family businesses in these tough economic times.
How often do you come across a cheese shop? 

Ok, let me re-phrase ... If is not often that you come across a cheese shop. Especially one as good as Clark's Speciality Foods in Bruntsfield. I never really 'got' cheese until my brother decided to work his way through series one of Come Dine With Me, and I've found that I have quite a healthy appetite for it. This small shop is the perfect place for all your cheesy-dreams to come true. It's really traditional and quaint and is the sort of place I want to take my Grandparents to, to show them where I shop. The staff are very friendly and the whole experience is a thoroughly enjoyable one.

I would recommend this shop to people throwing a big dinner party, or trying to impress that someone special - everyone knows that cheese is the way to a woman's heart. 
(...quite literally, if you think about cholesterol...)
Clark's is why there are still some small independent retailers that are still staying afloat in spite of ever-expanding supermarket chains.
From the outside it looks like it's just a cheesemonger, but there are two things wrong with that. 

1) It's not "just" a cheesemonger, because it's possibly the best cheesemonger for miles around. Their focus is on "farmhouse and artisan cheeses", and even if you have no idea exactly what that means, one thing you will grasp is how great they are. In layman's terms, they have strong ones, mild ones, blue ones, ones from cow's milk, goat's milk and even sheep, smelly ones, gooey soft ones and hard ones. Conclusion: you're bound to find something you love. If you're having a dinner party where you'll need cheeses for afterwards, this is where you should head - they let you sample a slither of them so you can try it before your friends/guests do.

2) They sell so much more than cheese. I think it originally started out as a cheesemonger specifically, but now they also stock every cold meat, chutney, wine and bread you could ever need to go with it, as well as the usual selection of olives/artichoke hearts/roasted peppers/whatever else you can marinate in Olive oil, which every good deli has.

If I only had £10 left in the world, this is where I'd spend it.
This is a real delicatessen, not just a 'deli' with sandwiches and stuff, but the real thing.  It has a massive range of cheeses of every texture, colour and smell and each one is specifically sourced from an expert in the field.  They offer tasters on top of the counter which is a great concept and one that must encourage custom.  The most disgusting looking cheeses actually turn out to be some of the nicest you've tried id you give them a go.  My favourite was the Wensleydale with cranberries which I couldn't get enough of. 
I think it specialises in cheese, but it also has a good selection of cured, boiled and smoked meats ranging honey glazed smoked ham to spiced beef.
Food of this quality, of course, comes at a price and most of it is quite pricey, but if you care about good food then this is the place.
Woah, the stench of cheese! Maybe it's a heavenly smell to any cheese fanatics out there, but to a moderate cheese fan such as myself... it just stinks! However it's unavoidable at Clarks, because that's basically most of their stock, and they seem to have mountains of the stuff!

 This is a relatively small store, and from the exterior one can tell it's a quality place. They've got almost every cheese you could want, and a lot of the Scottish variety as well which was a novelty for me. Aside from the rotten stuff, they also sell fancy bread, wines, olives and pasta, and after checking out their website I was impressed to see they import fruit from a famous parisian market each week. I'm not so sure how economically (or environmentally) sound that is, but it definitely lends to it's image.

All the cheese I've tried there was fantastic, but I especially love the fresh bread! The staff were also really friendly, and it is a family business, which may give it a little bit more of a personal touch.
Bread
Crackers
Olives
Sunblushed tomatoes
Anchovies
Asparagus
Oatcakes
Pastries
Olive oil
Balsamic vinegar
Truffle oil
Smoked salmon
Salami
Pate
Terrine
Spanish acorn ham
Manchego
Buffalo mozzarella
Goats cheese
Cheddar
Brie
Coffee
& Wine

A family run deli, Clark's stock all kinds of tantalizing and tongue-teasing ingredients. There's tasty bread, fruit, vegetables and salads but the real pull is the speciality cheeses and charcuterie from various artisan makers and farmers around Scotland and Europe. In a word: YUMMY.