This place came highly recommended from a co-worker but we ended up being disappointed. We showed up at 6:45 and they were already cleaning the grill for the night.. not sure when they close, but we probably should have taken it as a sign and kept walking. 

Because it was "late" we could only get sandwiches.. no fries, etc. Luckily you get to eat in a gas station, sooo you do have a great selection of chips.. whoo. The steaks were just OK. At $6.95 for a small, they are a tad pricey and honestly I think capriottis makes a better steak. Skip this one.
A rare occasion when i disagree with one of my fav Vegas foodies , Ms. Blair B. 

Now granted, I'm in a desperate state trying to find some variety on the Eastside for my lunch fix.  Luckily, i'm only out and about 2 times / week so i  usually hit catfish alley,  Pho Thanh, las pupusa and a few others.

I think this place comes close to  Capriotti's - darn close.  And come on, at a run down gas station ? Now granted, i'm not a cheesesteak expert, though i've eaten at geno's and Pat's ( i prefer Pat's )  but on one of my visits i brought along a PA born cheesesteak "expert" - he gave the place a thumbs up   

 I tried the Cheeseburger my last visit - $3.95 for a 1/2 pounder with cheese and grilled onions ...ehhh ok. 

I noticed a south philly cheesesteak place at trop and pecos near the BofA - I'm thinking a two hour lunch - hit them up and then off to play me  some pinball !
I liked this place alot. I grew up outside of Philly but always made it a point to eat when I went there. Moving to Las Vegas i saw a few places that said Philly STeak in or associated with their name and they were all dissapointing. Geri's was mentioned and I tried it out, no very impressed and will not go back there.
The PCF has some really good flavors and although I am a provolne fan on mine the american cheese used here was pretty good. I am definately not a wiz kid..lol.  This was the best tasking steak sandwhich I had in Vegas and wouldn't say it's even that close to a Philly.
I did the Pat's and Geno;s thing, Pat's is way better but Tony Luke's is my fav!
Not that big of a Cappriotti's steak but their chicken cheese steaks are really good.
This is my favorite place in Vegas to get a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  However, it is in a gas station, so don't be surprised.  It is made to order.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  I'll drive across town for this one.
I always get the Philly Cheesesteak with just meat and cheese. I have never been disappointed!
I and this place for work and we still go there now and again but for me the sweet and hot peppers at caps beat it even though the meat is a little tastier at this places IMO

contrary to everyone else opinion I dislike the set up in the gas station I think it's super awkward and confusing and the employees don't really care to help you out with figuring it out... 

So IMO I would never eat there because its just weird eating in the gas station but getting it to go is not bad just not one hundred percent worth the price for my money to satisfaction ratio... I have only had cheese steaks though but since its the name I feel that's what everyone goes there for!!!
This is another sandwich shop in a gas station, so that's kind of a negative on ambiance (even though it's a pretty nice gas station...as gas stations go), but it means you have an excellent selection of drinks and chips!
The cheesesteaks are good and really packed with meat, but the bread is kind of lacking. Prices are excellent - $8 for a medium cheesesteak, which was more than enough for me and my husband to split.
Overall, a solid choice for a cheesesteak in the area if you're in a hurry (also, a good choice for Sundays since Geri's on Trop isn't open).
My husband and I ate here after church and it was delicious!!! The location is a lil rough around the edges. We didn't go there for the comfy seating.... We tried the chicken and beef philly, both good. We preferred the beef. Try it if you love Philly cheesesteaks, we were pleasantly surprised.
This is a mom and pop type of Philly Cheesetake place. It recently opened up in the former Catfish Alley. The cheesesteaks at Hanks are full of flavor and all quite delicious! From the original Philly to the Pizza Steak and Chicken Philly, you will not be disappointed. The owners are from Philadelphia, so they know what it takes to make a great cheesesteak sandwich. It does take a little while for the chicken cheese steaks to be made, but well worth the wait. Stop by if you're in the area. It's located off of Silverado Ranch & Bermuda in the Fresh & Easy shopping center.
Love, love, love this place. 

Very good philly cheese steaks. Good cheese, good bread, good meat. 

It's completely a mom and pop shop which I love even more. The two owners are super friendly, and seem to truly care about their food and customers. 

Be sure to get the american cheese on your philly! Super delicious. 

The cheese fries are pretty good too. I did the cheese wiz on mine, but you can do any of their cheese. 

It's in the fresh and easy parking lot. My GPS said it was on the side of the road where it was just desert, so be careful ! 

Can't wait to go back, just wish it wasn't so far from me.
This place is great if you want a real cheese steak! And it is a real mom and pop place and they are super nice folks! They use hand sliced ribeye and for that true taste get the cheese whiz! Give them a try!
Simply put... EXCELLENT! The folks cut the rib eye steak themselves. It is the best beef around, and makes an excellent sandwich.

Hank's is a simple place, in the true tradition of Philly cheese steak places. The menu--well, you're choice of cheese steak sandwiches, of course! You can get fries, but this place focuses on doing one thing well, and they hit a home run!

You can get a traditional, Philly style sandwich with Cheez Whiz. Look out Pat and Geno, you've got competition out west! My preference is for provolone, but it is so nice to have regional food that is truly authentic!

On word of caution: if you're not used to a Philly accent, you better brush up. These folks are as real as they come, and do an incredible job.
Great bun... Really flavorful meat.. Good fries...I will be back.. One of the best cheesesteaks in vegas. only thing making it not 5 out of 5... The bun needs to be cut in half and the meat needs to be chopped up more.  Otherwise great.
I'm new to the neighborhood and it turns out Hanks is too. We met the friendly owners from Philadelphia and they said they've been open about six weeks. They already have a strong following from folks from Philly so it must be legit. I've never been to Philly, but I know what I like and these are great sandwiches. 

The menu is simple which is my preference. Do a few things and do them well. In Hanks' case its five sandwiches and fries. At another Philly joint I like the provolone better than the cheez whiz, but here the Philly Joe with 1/2 Cheese Whiz and 1/2 melted American is better ($6.99). The provolone with grilled onions was a bit dry. That Philly Joe is top notch. All sandwiches come on a 9" bun. If I were nitpicking, I'd like a smaller bun stuffed with the same portion of toppings.

We had cheese fries too ($2.99) they're crinkle cut and topped with Cheez Whiz they reminded me of steak fries. Light and fluffy. 

We'll definitely be back. You can call in take out orders too.
Had the Philly w/American cheese.

The bread here is ridiculous! I loved the flavor of the different cheeses and the meat was delicious...My only complaint is that in my opinion the sandwich could have been stuffed with A LOT more steak.

I will definitely try Hank's again when I'm in the mood for a real Philly.
I'm with Paul, the sandwich was a little light on the steak.  However, it was DAMN GOOD!  Really, this is the best Philly Steak I've had.  The staff is great, made it fresh to order and the bread was AMAZING!  I had the Philly Joe and my wife had the one with provolone.  Mine was better (we both agreed) but they were both excellent.  Oh, they have real Coke in the bottle too (with sugar, not HFCS).  YUM!!  We'll be back!!
Horrible!! I went there monday 7-8-13 and was highly dissappointed. The steaks were super greasy, so were the fries and the peppers. There was hardly any cheese or meat on the sandwiches. In addition they were super expensive $40 for 3 sandwiches and 2 fries. Not to mention they charge extra for sweet and hot peppers, who does that? I should've just taken the whole order back and got a refund. If you want good cheesesteaks go elsewhere!
ok.  this review cannot wait.  i am in the middle of my sandwich and it is the best cheese steak i have ever had.  holy ****.
Where's the beef? Very little beef on the sandwich.  Got the Philly with Am. Cheese sandwich. The cheese was over-melted, you could not tell if it had cheese on it. No peppers and very little onions on this sandwich.
So in the last few months I haven't written many reviews due to a horrible case of writer's block.   It was going to take something of amazing to break me out of this spell.  It was going to take.....  the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had in Vegas.

A little background:   My dad is from Philly and as such I've grown up with cheesesteaks my entire life.  I've been back east with him a few times and each and every time I have a cheesesteak or two and formulate mental comparisons.   My favorites that I've had there are Jim's and Steve's (side note:  how come 95% of cheesesteak places are opened by people with the most common one syllable names in the US?)   When I read about Hank's opening up, and right by my house nonetheless, I'll be honest I was a little wary.   While I'm not picky in the least bit and can eat anything from a homemade cheesesteak using steak-umms and american cheese to capriotti's version to stake out's etc etc and be happy, I also realize that it's incredibly difficult to replicate geographic favorites all the way across the country.  I tried to keep expectations low knowing that there was a good chance this would be "just another cheesesteak" 

After chatting with the owners for a few minutes, my hope started to rise.  Hank (is it safe to presume his name was Hank?  I forgot what he told me) was telling me about the kind of meat, the differences in meats between various places back East, and basically was a walking encyclopedia of cheesesteak knowledge.  If this guy isn't updating the wikipedia entry on cheesesteaks, he should be.  Then the golden words:  he told me that his cheesesteak was most closely going to resemble Steve's from Philly.  SOLD.  

I ordered a Philly Joe based on recommendations here, and I also ordered cheese fries and some hot cherry peppers on the side because I'm a glutton for lactose intolerance and hot fiery things in my belly induced punishment.  It was definitely worth it.   For $6.95 you get 9 inches of the best quality steak I've had on a cheesesteak out here.   Whatever it's costing him to fly this meat out to Vegas, it's worth every penny.  The cheese got all gooey and messy and it helped that I devoured the whole thing in about the same amount of time it would take most people to finish unwrapping it.  This was the closest I've come in Vegas to the taste of the cheesesteaks I've had in Philly.

The cheese fries were good, and I easily finished off the order, but they wouldn't be something I would order regularly since I try not to eat like a complete degenerate every time I go out.  The cheesesteak though might be too good to resist.

5 stars for officially setting the bar for me on a Vegas Cheesesteak.
I loveee this place!! The owners are probably one of the nicest people. Their sandwiches are realllyyyy good! Super tasty and filling.. Also the fries are great. I tried the regular fries but really want to try their cheese fries when I go there next. The place is really clean. I would definitely recommend this place!
Went here on Thursday for lunch after checking Yelp for cheesesteaks in Vegas.  I had narrowed it down to three places, but there was something about the reviews that pulled me to Hank's.  I was rewarded for trusting my instincts.  The couple that owns and runs the place is charming and delightful, with thick Philadelphia accents.  

I ordered the Philly Joe (1/2 cheese whiz and 1/2 melted american with grilled onions) based on the couple's recommendation.  It took a while to make, but it was worth the wait.  First off, I don't like 'american' cheese, but this wasn't anything like kraft singles.  The sandwich was glorious.  Have you ever had something so delicious that you regret eating it quickly?  It was out of this world.  

The meat is high end ribeye, so you're not going to get a huge amount of steak if that's what you expect, but the taste is phenomenal.  The bread may have been the most amazing thing: the perfect firmness and it really makes the sandwich memorable.  It is a little messy to eat, but I wasn't even self-conscious about licking the wax paper.

I've never been to Philly, but I've had cheesesteak sandwiches from over a hundred places all over the country, from Subway to gastropubs and everything in between.  This is hands down the best Philly cheesesteak I've had in my life.  To really be impartial, I should go to other places in Vegas and try their versions.  

But why bother?  I've already struck gold!
I was on vacation when I came to this wonderful place. This is a mom and pop's cheesesteak shop. They took their time to prepare the delicious cheesesteaks which my boyfriend and I enjoyed very much. You know these cheesesteaks are made with love just by the looks and of course the taste of it. I had to get another cheesesteak sandwich before I head back to the Bay Area. We tried the Philly cheesesteak and the Philly Joe both times. The meat was thinly sliced, not chopped up like many other places. Real steak baby! The bread was out of this world! They have the meat and bread delivered all the way from Philadelphia. Usually other cheesesteak shop's bread gets soggy but not this place. The second time we added bell peppers and red cherry peppers for extra cost in there and it tasted even better. I will be visiting this place again when I come to Vegas. I'll try to post the pictures I took. Hope this review helps. :)

http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/P3y7MlgrR6Qe-MNK4xn1Hw/l.jpg

http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1kof1252fFgcZzfd82gL2A/l.jpg
After moving from south Philly a year ago, we got a craving for cheesesteak sammiches. We have been duped and fooled by so many "Philly steak" places our expectations were low. This place was the real Mccoy!  
The bread: Not Amorosos, but that's only for hoagies IMHO, These rolls were as close to Sarcones (Non seeded) as I have seen in the valley. 
The meat: Spot on!  Rib eye sliced thin and chopped up, not a steak-um slab. 
Real wiz, not the welfare brand petroleum stuff many places use. 
Service: Excellent. The owners are from 10th and Dickinson area and are super nice.
I highly recommend this place. Youse guys should go here.
My wife brought this home for dinner and I was extremely disappointed. The meat was awful. It might as well have been steak'ems except steak'ems doesn't have fatty and grizzly meat. It was like two giant thin pieces of over cooked steak. I tried adding mayo and hot sauce but it didn't help. I ended up throwing away 75% of the sandwich. Extremely disappointed. Capriotti's is 10x better.
Being from South Jersey, we know good steak sandwiches.  A friend who is a Philly transplant recommended Hank's.  I sandwiches are fabulous!  I had mine with fried onions, provolone cheese, and hot cherry peppers.  I got a side of sweet potato fries.  The bread is flown in almost daily from Philadephia.  The owner showed us the whole hunk of ribeye as he was getting ready to slice it.  It was a beautiful, well marbled piece of ribeye.  The prices are very reasonable.  There was a steady flow of customers the whole time that we were in there. 
Thank you for yummy steak sandwiches!
Super nice people!! great to have the feel of being back in Philly! sandwiches are delicious!  Anyone who thinks that the local steak places like capriottis are better just don't know what a philly cheesteak is supposed to be! There could be a little more meat, but it is so good!
Best Philly in Las Vegas I've ever had! Sad that geris closed on trop but once I discovered this place it's no question and a lot better. They use fresh and expensive meat the rolls are a lot better than great buns and amorosos. You can tell easily. It makes Pops on Decatur and what you get at the San gennaro feast taste like garbage. This is the real deal the owners are very cool from Philly and taught me what a real Philly is.dont waste your money at the canival ever again go to Hanks!
Hank is one nice guy and very accommodating. Finally a real Philly steak sandwich in Vegas. The bread, meat and cheez wiz unmatched as some restaurants have attempted to imitate.This is the real thing. Pat, Stevie and Geno would be proud. My favorite, the Philly Jo with extra onions. A gourmet meal on an imported roll from Phila. Delicious and amazing! Hank, when are you opening on the strip?
I was deprived of food, and thought I might try this place out after work. They ship their steak from Philly, and it's definitely quality over quantity. I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak with Kraft Cheese Whiz, and mhmmmmm, twas top notch. The bread had this crunch to it, and everything was well proportioned without anything being overpowering. I'd definitely recommend this place.

The owners of this place are also extremely friendly! I like happy people. c:
Stopped by after work for easy dinner. They didn't have exactly what I wanted on the menu so I talked with the owner/cashier/cook and we came up with exactly what I wanted, which he made, exactly like I asked and it was perfect. Just the right amount of meat for the bread. Just enough cheese to go with the meat and not overpower it and OH those hot peppers. The perfect touch. I will definitely be back.
I hold out for 5 stars.....

This is a great place. Excellent steak and cheese and fries. Had sweet potato fries which were perfecr.

Much better than Capriottis. Their rolls were much better.

Great service. Down to earth owners who work the counter. Excellent quality.

Will be back for more!
The reviews don't lie. This place is awesome. Nice and friendly owners and quick service. One of the best phillys I've had in a long time. I will become a regular here soon. Dukedom here I come.
Warm, super-friendly service and an incredible philly. The meat is sliced, juicy and perfectly seasoned and the bread is light, soft and fresh. You have a choice of whiz or melted cheeses, and everything was made to order - and with a lot of love. Best philly in town. Better than pop's, in my opinion.
Can't say that I'm a Philly Cheesesteak aficionado, but after reading so many positive reviews and driving by this place relatively often I had to give it a shot. I think it was a combination of it being a super cold night and that the food was just that good, but I really, really enjoyed my sandwich from Hank's.

I had a chance to chat with both Hank and his wife and they were very excited to know that their positive Yelp reviews led me to trying them out. I figured if I was going to try this place, I better go with the signature sandwich, a philly cheesesteak with cheeze-wiz, grilled onions, and mayo. I know mayo isn't everyone's cup o' tea on this sammich, but it works for me, so there! I loved it. The meat was tender and had great flavor. The cheeze-wiz, which I had never had on a sandwich, made it really moist and had so much cheese flavor in every bite. I ordered the onions well done, and they were perfect, sweet. The bread was absolutely stellar.

The ambiance is lacking a bit. I probably wouldn't plan to eat there, I'd just take it home. It was Monday night and some made for TV type movie was playing on their nice flat screen TV, not Monday Night Football which was kind of weird. It's pretty bare in there and could use some sprucing up. Not dirty or trashy at all, just kind of blah-zay.

We need more small business owners/foodies like this. I definitely recommend giving Hank's a try! Their sammiches are off the heezy.
Went here on a whim before going to work to get some lunch. My mom and pop shops are usually the best if you are looking for something that's not local. Walked in, everything looked clean. Took a look at the menu and didn't really cared much. Asked Greg to get me whatever he thinks is the best and that my lunch is in his control. He made me a Philly Joe with mushrooms on it. Talked to Laura and Hank and they are amazing. Great people from Philly cooking philly cheese steaks right. I made a complete mess eating it and that's how it's supposed to be. Definitely coming back. Great personality. Great real authentic food. What more can I want?
The meat was so tender and juicy.  The service was more like sitting in someones kitchen then a restaurant.  I felt very welcome and at home.  My husband and I got the Philly Joe and the original Philly with some cheese fries to go.  I would suggest not getting cheese fries to go, they are messy and get a little soggy when wrapped up, but still very delicious.  The bread was chewy and super fresh.  I plan to go back again ASAP.
Where do I start? The food is fantastic.ade to order. I got the small classic Philly Cheese steak "wit", onions. PERFECTION. The fries were perfect. The service: friendly, happy and a pleasure to be around. All in all, Hank's will be a place that the hubby and I will come to on a regular basis. My advice? TRY IT!'
Hanks is owned and run by an elder couple from Philly. They are very friendly and love what they do. The cheesteaks are awesome! Meat is perfectly cooked, the bread is good, and the cheesesteak is delicious! If you want a classic philly cheesesteak get a wiz wit(cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions). Hanks is a great establishment run by very friendly owners. I highly recommend that you check them out!
Far and away the best cheese steak I've had!

OK, the owners here are great.  Uber friendly and they obviously have passion for what they do.  I've always said that whatever you do, do it well.  We talked for 10 minutes about what makes their sandwich so good.

Get a cheese steak (obviously) and top it how you like.  Personally that means peppers and mushrooms but no onion.  I opted for provolone though if you want to get dirty I hear the cheese wiz is a killer choice.  No chopped steak here, no, nestled in the bun is a steak grilled to perfection.  OK, I can't take it.  I need another
My husband and I went there to try their highly recommended philly cheese steak and it was awesome!  We got it with cheez whiz (apparently it is the only proper way) and with onions and peppers.  Like I said... it was great!  We got a side of their plain fries and it was good also.
First ever review for me. I have to do it because of all the great reviews for Hanks are so overstated. Overall I rate Hanks below average. I had the original cheesesteak with whiz onion and peppers. There were only two other customers when we arrived and it still took over 15 mins for our 2 sandwich and 1 fry order. The fries came out 5 min before the sandwich. The meat was unseasoned and extremely bland. The salt shaker on the table was 3/4 full but was hard as a rock. The ketchup was so watered down it was gross. I have had better cheesesteaks so much better at so many places in town I find it hard to believe the reviews in here. Obviously they are not genuine. I have nothing to gain nor lose by my review...just being perfectly honest!! I gave it one star because to ppst my review I had too.
Whoever orders from here is crazy. I ordered two "famous" cheese steaks. Both weren't started until 15 minutes after I ordered. They cool each order 1 at a time. 

The sandwich was bland, there was no salt, the mushrooms were clearly from frozen and not cooked long enough. The meat count was skimpy as well. 

This place claims to have been on the Food Network, but less than 6 months ago it was a catfish restaurant. 

Basically Gino's in Philly has absolutely nothing to worry about.
Tried Hanks for the first time a couple days ago and it was really good. I liked the fact that it was shaved lean steak as opposed to grounded up steak. The owner was very friendly as well. I will definitely be going back.
Since I've moved to Las Vegas I've been looking for a Philly wit wiz, has to have the wiz!!!!!! Well it looks like I've found the place and it's right down the street! The owners are from Philly and came here to open their Philly shop, super friendly and are great to chit chat with. They don't cut corners around here, fresh not frozen meat, freshly cut to order and rolls are shipped in from Philly. The decor is lacking, but who's here to look at the walls. We will definitely be back! Only thing I'd like to see added is a selection of chips.
Good luck in getting one of their Tarantini Panzarottis! We've tried three separate times to try one of these and they don't have any available because they need to thaw.(???)  Maybe they only serve them if you're with a tv show on the Food Network? Not sure but we're done trying.... really poor service!
Great mom and pop style deli. The owners are very friendly. Food is amazing but they are not the best at dealing with rushes. I would wait to have their Philly steaks any day though! 

The Usual: Philly steak, melted american cheese and grilled onions. Must try.
Great food and really good people. This is real authentic phillies

If you are looking for a Original philly with WIZ this is the place. 

It was so good that at 150lbs I ate 2 of the. This was fantastic.
Tried this place for the 1st time today becuase I love Philly steaks, this place is close to work, and it had such good reviews.  Overall I was dissapointed.  It's not terrible, but it's really not that great either.  I ordered a regular Philly cheese steak with just meat, and cheese.  Normally i like to add some spicier options to my cheese steak, but the options here were limited.  I do not like onions, or mushrooms, so I was left to just get a fairly plain cheese steak.  I wish they had some sort of hot peppers, but if they do it was not clearly advertised anywhere.  The bread was fantastic, seemed like it was homemade.  For cheese they have options of cheese whiz, provolone, or American.  I ordered provolone.  The cheese was ok.  The dissapointing part was the meat.  They used sliced beef instead of chopped.  I am not against either option.  The issue was that the meat severely lacked in flavor.  It seemed like there were absolutely no spices or anything to this meat.  The meat needs to have flavor otherwise what is the point.  I would much rather have a cheese steak from Capriotis sandwich shop or several other places that I have ordered from in the past.  I was excited to try this place, but sadly I can in no way give a 4 star, in fact this was a toss up between 2-3.  I love it when family owned (mom and pop) types of places open up, they are usually very good, but this is not one of the great ones from my experience.  Also, the price was around $9 for a regular cheese steak.  I would have expected my sandwich to be a bit fuller for that price.  I know without the extra toppings the size is smaller automatically, but it was still slightly undersized for the price I paid.
Lousy. My wife and I ate there and It came out to $32 for two full meals they charge an extra $1.00 for onions, $1.00 for bell peppers and $1.00 for mushrooms (even if you get the small). They have "pizza fries" that were frozen del taco style fries with nacho cheese and tasteless pizza sauce, what pizza has nacho cheese? Don't call that "pizza fries". The Philly cheese steak sandwiches were made with good sliced steak but lacked in flavor, very bland. I found myself adding extra salt and pepper. The folks working there were really nice which was the only good part about the experience. All in all this is not a place you want to go if you want to grab a quick affordable lunch you're looking spending at least $15 if you want fries and a drink. Sad to say I was disappointed with this place.
Yummy food! Love the Philly joe with bell pepper and hot peppers. The owners are super nice and always make me feel welcome :)
I was not impressed. Though, let me first say that the owner and staff are super friendly and nice. I just didn't care for the food.

This little spot is located in a strip mall. It's small and sparse, but has a nice homey feel. When I was here, there was no one else in the place.

I placed my order and opted for taking it to go. And everything was made fresh. The prices were ok. It can definitely add up, but it's nothing out of line with other area prices.

When I got home, I realized they gave me just regular fries, not the cheese fries I had ordered. And I'm not sure I got the right sandwich order. It sure didn't seem like there was any whiz in there. 

And the sandwich just didn't taste that good to me. I had high hopes. When I lived on the East Coast, I would literally drive to Philly just to have a steak sandwich. But this sandwich left me longing and failed to satisfy my craving. It wasn't inedible or anything. But I also picked it apart and ate little of it.

So all in all, this was a disappointing meal. However, I didn't try what they were featured on TV for. So perhaps I'll stop in again and try a different menu item.
Great little mom and pop type place, straight from the east coast. Super friendly owners who see you once and remember you forever. Try the Panzarotti! Yum. Fair prices and great service, you really can't go wrong. If you are an east coast transplant like myself, you will feel a little bit of home when you visit Hanks. Fly Eagles Fly!
Talk about hole-in-the wall goodness!  Hidden behind Jack in the Box...I was actually on my way there to get a Sourdough Jack before driving down to San Diego...boy am I glad the fiance mentioned trying this place! These philly steaks come on bread shipped from Philadelphia! The bread is soft and buttery inside with a perfectly toasted exterior.  The flavor and texture of the cheese steak keeps you going in for another bite even after you are stuffed.  I got the Herman special which comes with steak, provolone, mayo, grilled onions. The mayonnaise and provolone blended perfectly together. The texture of the steak was buttery smooth...I mean I'm finding a hard time  describing with words how delicious these philly steaks are...the cheese blends seem to have the perfect combination of seasoning!  The fiance got the Philly Joe (fittingly since his name is Joe)...steak,half cheese whiz, half American cheese with grilled onions.  He loves philly steaks and has probably tried all the ones in town and he says by far these are superior!  Apparently, the Philly Joe is the fan favorite, since the owner told me I'd be jealous of his order.  Honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese whiz?! Personally, I'm not a big fan of American cheese but this combo was delightful gluttony!  We didn't get a chance to try the original Tarantini Panzarotti, which was shown on the Food Netwok "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" - definitely next time!  As I'm writing this review, I'm planning my next visit here this week!
Best philly cheese steaks in Vegas. The meat is quality, the bread is the right amount of chewy (in a good way), and it's messy without falling apart, like it should be. These are authentic! The owner is super nice and loves to make conversation. He's straight from philly. I recommend getting the American cheese/whiz combo... Great combination of flavors. No need for anything but onions on these babies. They recently got a write up in LV Weekly, which I was glad to see as it is well-merited.
Unfortunately disappointed.

Had a great expectations since several of our friends from back East recommended us on numerous occasions.

We ordered:

1 large Philly cheesesteak at $8.99
2 fries at $2.50 each
2 regular can sodas at $1 each
1 side of wiz at $0.50

The large Philly was smaller than a small at Capriottis. The Philly meat seemed to be sliced and placed on a griddle, no seasoning. Maybe overcooked or just steamed through, but had no flavor. The wiz seemed to be a mix of 1/2 wiz and half American, which they offer, but we ordered wiz. The fries were definitely frozen Oreida and served way too hot. 

Prices are ridiculous, definitely feel as though we were nickel and dimed. Money is not a concern when the quality is there...but for 1 sandwich, 2 fries, 2 sodas and a side of cheese for $17, almost $18 with tax...??? Honestly you can definitely tell you are paying for the rent and not the food...if that makes any sense.

Possibly an off night for the mom and pop owners, who are very friendly...but the food was not notably worthy as the previous reviews suggest.
Too expensive for not real cheesesteaks, they were on a sandwich roll not even on a Philly roll. And everything is all a cart. And everything is way too overpriced, $35 for two people.
Awesome real philly steak sandwiches, like how they make them in Philly . They were just featured on travel channel.
I walked in and Greg the owner instantly said, "welcome back!" I had never been there so it was pretty funny! After a few bites of their great sandwiches I will be coming back! They use the same bread that's used in Philly and the meat and cheese was high quality stuff! 

Greg's wife sat down with me at the table while I waited for my sandwich and she was very nice as well! It's a small town feel in a big town and I think that's the best part!
Wow talk about being disappointed. You look at this guys website and you think wow this has to be the greatest cheesesteak I ever tasted in my whole life . But then again in his website he said that all the best Philly cheese steak places in Philadelphia does not chop up their steak he is 100 % wrong. If anybody knows I do cause I worked at the original cheesesteak place in Philadelphia the 1st cheestake joint the place where the cheesestake was invented Pats... First thing he does wrong is he does not season his meat. And the reason why I know is because i was standing by the counter and i didn't see him season the meat  At Pats the way we cooked our steaks is first we took 6 ounces (that was weighted in advanced ) of rib eye put it on the gill that was already splatted with a little bit of oil season the meat with salt a pinch of black pepper and Paparika... Hanks  not have does not  give you any meat  At all I doubt if there was 4 ounces of meat on that sandwich and maybe one slice of American cheese. I don't mind paying $10 for a sandwich but give me something to eat I could've eaten 4 of those sandwiches and I still would've been full.. I could tell that the meat was very good it was fresh and the bread was pretty good ..But for gods sake let's stop being a cheapskate I know about food cost but come on you're charging almost $10 for a freakin sandwich.. Talk about being a stone face the guy never smiled his wife I'm assuming it's his wife had nothing to say..
 I don't think they were ever is business before or managed a philly cheesestake place like there web site stated.... Have you guys ever heard of truth in advertising !!!!!All in all I don't think I would ever come back here
I have been looking all over Vegas thinking that I might find a great cheesesteak in Vegas, but sadly I am still looking. I order a philly pizza and there was one party in front of me. It took over ten minute for the sandwich to be made. When I got it there were 3 or 4 thicker pieces of steak meat. The sandwich, overall was ok, but not what I was looking for.
Back a year later and they are still as good as ever.
I'm from Philly, and I can't wait to have more and more cheesesteaks from here. Now my kids get to enjoy the real Philly
Mom & Pop shop...my second visit and I love it! Food is made to order, good customer service and food is delisH!
I give this place one star because of owner attitude.  I walked in as soon as they opened and when I asked if they pepper their meat he smirked and said no like I was a dumb ass.  I can't eat anything with pepper due to digestive problems.  Then I asked for provolone on my sandwich.  Nope he said we don't have any yet, with an attitude.  What ???? 
Who offers options but has not that option???  I guess I'm not used to the back East ATTITUDE.  Don't think anyone else will appreciate it either.
Since moving to LV, my husband and I have searched for a great philly cheese. We've tried a few places including Pops, which was by far the worst we had. Then we found Hanks! Best in town. Friendliest owners on the planet. Plus, they use REAL WIZ!

 We had their special, 12" for $8.99. (Not sure if this special is everyday.) Great price. Bread was fresh and had a great crust. Meat was amazing. And again, the WIZ. Even our kids loved it! 

Finally, we have found our spot. We will be returning and spreading the word that Hanks is the place to go.
Love this place went in for the first time today I think the owner was the guy helping me the whole time super nice guy! Helped me with the order cause Iv never had a true cheese steak before but boy howdy I'm glad this was my first the sandwich was AMAZING I would give this place more stars if I could I'll be back for sure!
Before you come here you the first thing you need to know is that their hours are 12 pm to 8 pm Monday through Saturday. Closed Sundays. On the business listing it says they open at 11 am. Well imagine my dismay when I showed up at 11 only to say a couple of curse words and leave hungry to look for another place to hit up for lunch. Sucks when you have your mind made up for a cheese steak. Fyi I ended up going to Full House Barbeque (A Filipino restaurant) just down the street.

So this next time I show up exactly at 12 to check this bookmark off.

I get the foot long Cheese Steak ($8.99) with the Cheese Whiz/Provolone mix along with grilled onions standard. You can add Bell Peppers ($1.25), Mushrooms ($1.00), Pepperoni ($1.00), Extra Meat ($3.50),and Hot Cherry Peppers (50 cents).

The sandwich was ok but if you wanted to add everything that I mentioned, you would be looking at a sandwich that is over 16 dollars! SAY WHAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!

Service was great. The overall ambience of the place was just ok with several tables and chairs. There are Philly paraphernalia on the walls.

Overall, I thought it was just an ok experience. Nothing really impressed me but at the same time nothing really disappointed either.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #144 "What's the dilly with the 16 dollar Philly?"
I was excited to find this place close to my new home in Vegas as their website led me to believe that I would experience an authentic Philly Cheesesteak before I went to watch the NHL Draft on TV. Sadly, like many things on the Internet, it was all a lie. I will probably give them one more chance and update this review but for now its barely a 2 star.

I went a bit later in the day in order to avoid any lunch rush and perhaps that was my mistake because they were out of a lot of things like Provolone Cheese, Peppers, Onion Rings, etc... So, I went with a cheese steak with onions and mushrooms and of course the cheese wiz. I wanted provolone and peppers as well but no such luck.

The first thing I noticed was the price. Sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a can of soda was just under $17.00. Thats a bit much especially when you see how little meat you get in the sandwich, it was mostly bun and wiz. The onions and mushrooms were both basically raw, I expected them somewhat caramelized.

I've  been to Philly and gotten fat on their cheese steaks... Hank's is nothing like the ones I enjoyed there.
Waaaaay over priced!

$14-16 with tax for lunch is a absolute joke.Do they think they have a restaurant in the Wynn? Or they're just looking to retire early? 

If you cant have a sandwich for lunch the strip w/fries or chips and a drink.Its a rip off!!!!
This is a new Philly cheesesteak restaurant in Arizona Mills Mall. It looks like it replaced Great Steak and Potato which used to be one of my favorite quick service restaurants in AZ Mills. Arizona Mills is doing a big food court overhaul and this seemed to be one of many new restaurants.

I was not impressed. I got the buffalo chicken philly, which is what I always used to get at Great Steak. It was extremely salty and the chicken was like deli slices instead of an actual chopped up chicken breast. It was drowning in sauce and so salty I downed two waters afterwards. I realize that I should not expect a ton from a quick service restaurant in the mall but Great Steak used to make this sandwich so well and this was no where near the same quality. It took about ten minutes to get one sandwich which wasn't too bad. Overall, bad food. I will not be back.
Over priced menu for subpar food  12$ for a cheese steak sandwich and over cooked fries   pass up
Not very impressed. We got the steak bowl over fries. It took a looooong time to be ready. Fries were good (lots of them, and lots of bell peppers and onion but not much  meat.)
Over $16 for a bowl, a side of fries and a soda.
Don't come here hungry for breakfast.  Cause they do NOT have their sh*t together.  Stood in line while the guy tried to figure out how to work the register for like 30 minutes.  It was between the Chipotle style place the next stall over, or this place.  And neither were moving people through the line.  With a hungry toddler, you can imagine how fun THAT was..waiting to just order food.  

The food was mediocre.  We ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches - one with sausage and one with steak.  Honestly, I could have made the same thing at home. And better.

So save your money and eat before you arrive (which we intended on doing, but every restaurant in the area was packed).
Worst Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had! Not sure if it's the seasoning on the beef or the beef but it has no flavor and very bland. Waste of $10! Won't be coming back.
We decided to stop here for loaded cheese fries because we wanted a snack to hold us over until dinner. It seemed OK at first, but the cashier struggled to get our order entered, and we had to keep repeating what we wanted. When we did finally get our order and got it over to the tables in the food court, we found out that it had been both entered wrong and as a result made wrong. 

I had to go back to the counter to ask for the side that should have already been with the fries, and had to wait in line to even get someone's attention for help even though I already waited in line and paid for my food the first time. While I was standing in line waiting, I noticed that the same cashier made mistakes on two other peoples' orders. The food itself was very good, but the service was frustrating. I would be willing to go back and give them another try because the food was good, but hopefully they can get their service up to par.