Today I had an appointment for a "cake tasting" (for the wedding) with Julia Baker Confections.  I had no expectations going in and didn't really think too much about a cake at all prior to today.  I didn't do any research, I just went with the flow.  Jared opted not to participate, so it was just me, my mom, and our wedding planner.  

I was super impressed from the moment i set foot in Julia's office.  Not only did Julia herself greet us at the door, but the cakes on display were like pieces of art!  I learned about her business as I admired the cake creations and luxury chocolates that surrounded me.  Not only was everything incredibly breathtaking to look at, but I didn't take one bite of anything that I didn't absolutely love!

(Yes - the wedding diet was on hiatus during my visit with Julia today!)

I sampled the passion fruit chocolate and it was amazing.  My mom commented that the caramel truffle she chose was like an orgasm in her mouth!  Then it was on to the cakes: we had the white traditional cake with raspberry gelee and swiss meringue buttercream filling and american buttercream frosting, the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache filling and chocolate ganache frosting, and the red velvet cake with sweet cream cheese filling and american buttercream frosting.  OMG - divine!  All of it! (And I don't even consider myself a 'cake person.')

I won't say which one my favorite was but I will say that Jared loved the same one I did when I brought him samples later in the day.  Our guests are in for a real treat...

Since our meeting, I did some research only to learn that Julia's sweet creations have garnered her notoriety as the "Chocolatier to the Stars" and singer/songwriter Alicia Keys has called Julia "breathtakingly talented." Among the many celebrities Julia has made chocolates for are Bono & U2, Paris Hilton, Jennifer Aniston, and Britney Spears.  None of this surprises me, other than not understanding how Julia keeps her girlish figure while she's surrounded by sugar and amazing fresh ingredients 24/7!

I am so excited for Julia to create our wedding cake!  If you're looking for a custom creation made with passion, check out Julia Baker Confections.
I had one of Julia Baker's petal cake at a New Year's Eve bash two years ago. The chocolate cake was truly the best cake I have ever eaten in my 39 years of life. It was a beautiful masterpiece to look at and almost a shame to disassemble to eat. The chocolate leaves were my favorite part though the moist cake layers competed.  My husband and I took home a slice and fought over each crumb the next day.
Oh My God!! Julia Baker Confections makes the BEST chocolates, hands down.  I sell them in my store and the customers go crazy for them.  I always get samples to pass out and everyone who tries one of her chocolates buys a box.  I really wish I lived in the Phoenix area because her cakes are so spectacular-I would love to order them for every special occasion.  I have had a tasting when I toured her offices and the cakes are every bit as delicious as her chocolates.  Not to mention that they are truly works of art.  Love everything about this business including the sweet, amazing staff and of course, Julia herself!
My boyfriend brought me these amazing Caramel Truffles...I can't wait to visit and try the cakes!!!!!

THE BEST CHOCOLATES EVER THOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!
We used Julia Baker for our wedding cake.  It was the most amazing cake we have ever seen.  It was three layers of individual dark and milk chocholate with gnoche on the bottom.  It was the hit of our wedding and still 6 months later people still talk about it.

We have also sampled her truffles which are out of this world.  Now that she has a shop at the Intercontinental we will have to go sampling.  Everyone needs to try her chocolates.  You will die and think you went to chocolate heaven.  Congrats Julia.  Thank you so much for making our day so special.  
Shari and Dan C.
Ridiculously talented Pastry Chef Julia Baker runs this brand. Let me tell you--you haven't had caramel truffles ever, until you've had hers. 'Nuff said!
One of the rare "deserves every single 5 start review" places on Yelp.  Carmel truffles?  Sublime!   Red Velvet Chocolate Bon Bons? Extraordinary!! Think that's incredible - try the Dark Chocolate ones.  Best. Gift. Ever. for under $100 (seriously!) YUM.
A couple of my favorite chocolate places are Jacques Torres in New York and Vosges in Chicago.

I stopped into Julia Baker's shop at Montelucia and picked out six different chocolates.  They were all very good.  I'd like to see more selection to choose from in the future.

It's nice to have a high end chocolate maker here in the Valley.
With Valentine's Day around the corner, now is the time I start warning my husband NOT to buy me chocolates.  Somehow I believe that giving them up is going to miraculously result in a 20 lb weight loss.  One can always hope.

This year is different.  After sampling these delightful confections at the DBG Chile and Chocolate Festival, I was hooked.  At the time, I sampled an itsy bitsy bite of the passion fruit chocolate, I was sold.  I wished I had a trunk full of disguises readily available so that I could eat each and every morsel on that tray.  It was too early to buy chocolates for the holidays, but we did go to the boutique at the Montelucia a month later.  I'm sure the valet appreciated parking our vehicle with it's sweet scent of our Chompie's leftovers in the back seat. 

We selected several different boxes for ONLY the people I thought would appreciate such exquisite chocolates.  Anyone that I've witnessed shoving an entire chocolate in their mouth with 2 chews at best was off the list.  That left a small list which was great for me considering these pricey little gems.  And despite my faint-hearted protests, my husband smartly insisted on choosing a box for me.  There are actually only a handful of selections, but truthfully, the flavors are so brilliant, you will not need any more.  My favorite is the passion fruit, followed closely by the French caramel truffle.  I usually don't even like caramel, but this toffee covered truffle is filled with the creamiest caramel you can imagine.

The boutique is open every day, until 10 pm Wed-Sat!  We had the pleasure of meeting Julia on our visit and she let us know they offer chocolate and wine pairings as well!!
It's no surprise why Julia Baker has such great reviews. Her creations exude excellence. Pure and utter excellence. This could be my sugar high talking but that just means she truly succeeded in accomplishing perfection in her desserts! 

I finally visited Julia Baker's store this weekend at the Monte Lucia. When I walked in, I noticed how minimalistic it was. It was trendy, clean, fresh and subtle all at once. I read on the wall how Julia studied in France and then worked at two shops in France and let me just say...it completely shows in her desserts and her decor! 

I have a thing for mini cakes lately, and especially cake pops and cake balls. For those of you who haven't experienced either yet, they are pretty much "Alice In Wonderland" style cakes which are round cakes that you can pop in your mouth in less than three bites. It gives me the sweet tooth satisfaction I need without having a large piece of cake staring at me in the face. Plus, it's always fun eating miniature food. Don't ask me why. So yes, Julia Baker sells cake balls. She has red velvet and chocolate. I tried the red velvet and it was definitely velvet in my mouth! Delicious. They would be adorable party favors and especially since I learned that they create specially decorated cake balls for every holiday -- Mother's Day ones are coming out this week! The cake balls are $2.25 a ball, so they aren't cheap but would Parisians complain if they could have perfection in their mouth without the calories of an entire slice of cake? I don't think they would so I'm not going to either! Voila. 

Moving on to the truffles. Julia Baker has won awards for her caramel chocolate truffles, so I had to give it a go. It's a petite truffle with creamy caramel in the middle and with one bite, I was in bliss. The chocolate is decadent and it's the perfect size. She also has hand cut chocolates and other truffles for sale. In addition, she sells several boxes of different shapes and sizes for gifts or parties. This is the ideal place for a hostess gift or for small party favors if you're willing to dig into the wallet. She has the signature caramel truffles in individually wrapped plastic boxes which would be absolutely adorable on a table during a party. 

So I tried the cake and the truffle and I'm a huge fan, so I will say that if you have a party of any shape and size and you're looking for a sweet touch to the party, check out Julia Baker. Au Revoir!
I know this is soon for an update, but I find this update-worthy! When I visited Julia Baker last week, they said they would be carrying cake balls for Mother's Day. So on Thursday, I went back to purchase some for the Mothers in my life. They are adorable! They put three in a packet and they have white and chocolate balls with hard sugar flowers on top. They are the perfect gift or addition to a gift. Plus they are sturdy little guys! So, if you are looking for a last minute Mother's Day gift, scurry to Julia Bakers.
I stopped in here again one day after lunch.  I had a craving for some really good chocolate for dessert.

The dark chocolate cake ball was awesome.  Super rich melt in my mouth goodness.

I also bought a dark chocolate goey bar to go.  That night I intended to only bite off a small piece of the bar.  I ended up eating half of it.

JBC rocks!
Appearance: 10/10
Taste: 10/10

Overall: 10/10

I can only think of one word to describe her chocolates: decadent!

I had no idea I was going to be eating Julia Baker chocolate today, but you can bet I was thrilled when I found out she was coming into our office today. Smart woman that she is she brought her chocolates with her.

The first one I tried was their caramel truffle: Heaven!
The second one I had was the milk chocolate ganache:Scrumptious!

Warning: Do not eat at your desk. Eating might cause noises of delight.
This is a pre-visit review. How a business treats you BEFORE your actual visit is the lasting impression that of course gets you to come! And plus, some businesses tend to forget that great service has to also be extended in situations when youre not face to face. If they can help you thoroughly, with top notch service via phone and email, they're sure to please you when you arrive. 

So, I've been planning a few birthday surprises for my boyfriend's upcoming birthday, and Julia Baker Confections have been nothing but fantastic to me! Kelly Beeby has guided me and recommended so many wonderful confections and treats that'll make our trip to Scottsdale so much...well- sweeter. She's an expertise and a shining representative of Julia Bakers. I can't wait to pay them a visit when we head down there and to finally get to taste the treats!

Best believe- another 5 star rating will come from me then!!
This review is a little late coming, but just got myself some fabulous chocolates and remembered how addicted I am to the passion fruit ones. It's a good things they're so pricey or I would probably eat an entire box.
Julia Baker also did our wedding cake in 2010. The cake was a beautiful three tier red velvet. It tasted amazing, we still get compliments on it. Julia and all her employees were a joy to work with, the tasting appointment was one of our favorite parts of wedding planning. Would definitely recommend.

Lost a star because they are a tad bit overpriced. Also the design on our cake was the wrong color, our wedding color was an olive green and the cake design was a bright almost neon green and we had asked for an olive or dark emerald color. If there wasn't a million other things going on I might have stressed about it but as it were the cake tasted great enough to make up for it.

They didn't last too long at the Montelucia, which is usually when I'd stop in for a treat. I'm not sure where they moved but I know that you can buy the truffles and chocolates (seriously try the passion fruit) at AJ's Fine Foods in the area.
Thanks to Kelly Beeby from Julia Baker Confections!  Kelly was a helpful and creative resource during my wedding planning.  The sweets table and wedding cake - especially my gluten free cake - were beautiful and delicious.
Hoping to calm a tempestuous woman? 
Do something unscrupulous and looking for a way to say, "I'm sorry" without saying it? 
In search of a new aphrodisiac? (Uh, okay weirdo...)
That time of the month? 

Get a box of passion fruit truffles. Bitches love passion fruit truffles.
Awful chocolates!!!!  
This is perhaps the worst chocolate we have ever eaten.  Beautiful, yes.  But the chocolate ganaches were so bad I had to spit them out.  My husband and I agree they are inedible.  They have a funky chemical taste to them that hits you pretty quickly.  The truffles and caramels were OK but all of the flavors of the ganaches are just awful. 

I splurged on the holiday assortment in a red hat box, which is a lovely box but pointless if the chocolates are inedible.   I am going to have to throw away most of these.
They have relocated to the Biltmore Shopping Mall at 24th Street and Camelback.  Yay!!  They serve wine or coffee with chocolate candies or cakes in a sit-down cafe, and they sell custom-boxed candies or ready made and wrapped gift boxes.  Their chocolates have a distinctive flavor; different than Godiva or Ghirardelli (sp).  I don't usually like creamy chocolates, but theirs are an exception for me.  The cakes I have tried are top shelf! Yum.  I have not had the wine.  The coffee is rather good (says the Starbucks gold card holder). 
It's a fun venue when recharging after a movie at AMC across the street, and before taking home an adorable pet from Petique or a new Coach bag (less responsibility in the latter case) or a British cruiser bike.
Quality ingredients. Highly refined pastry skills. Edible luxury. Boom!
Deliciously decadent little bites of chocolate paradise!
This place is so cute! Perfect spot  for a date night and also for a girls night out. Went there with a couple girlfriends and ate yummy chocolate and drank wine. It can be kinda pricey, but if you get the tasting its not to bad.
There are a number of high quality chocolate shops in the US, but Julia Baker did not make the cut.  I like the elegant storefront decor, and the seating area for chocolate enjoyment.  Unfortunately, the chocolate flavor did not come through on many of the selections.  The fruit flavored ones completely overpowered the chocolate instead of complementing it.  The chocolates are not bad overall, but there are better options out there.
It's time for another update! Julia Baker has moved locations to the Biltmore Fashion Park and I am so very happy with their new location! Now not only do they sell their delectable truffles but they also have a cafe complete with mochas, sipping chocolate, and all of Julia's desserts! 

The shop has the feel of a Parisian Cafe and my sweet tooth kicks into gear as soon as I walk inside. During my most recent visit, I had one of the toffee caramel truffles and purchased chocolate covered pretzels for the road. The toffee caramel truffle was beyond delicious. As soon as I bite into the truffle, ooey gooey caramel flowed out. One definitely was not enough! Later in the day, I tried the chocolate covered pretzels and the chocolate is thick and creamy against the pretzel. These are a must purchase as is everything at this store. 

Next time I visit, I will be trying a dessert and a chocolate martini in the cafe!
I absolutely adore this place...everything about it!  I came here on the recommendation of my stylist and couldn't be happier that I have found Julia Baker.  The decor is sophisticated, the service is extremely attentive and the experience is top notch.  We tried some champagne and chocolates...next time we'll try some of the desserts too!
I stumbled across this gem while looking for another store...I guess my lack of direction can pay off sometimes! If you are looking for some beautiful unique chocolates that are made locally, this is your place. Visiting from out of state, I was looking for a gift for somebody to bring back. What a perfect gift, and who doesn't like chocolate?! (You can't be my friend if the answer is you).

Julia offers a small selection of homemade chocolates, truffles and cake balls. The selection isn't enormous, so the indecisive (like myself) won't be too challenged. I easily filled a box with an assortment sure to please anybody. The prices are a tad on the high side but worth it in my opinion- especially with the excellent service and samples I was so graciously given!

The other half of the store will satisfy your sweet tooth if you are looking to sit down for a dessert or specialty drink. That may just have to happen the next time I'm in the area!
Just had an amazing experience at Julia Baker's. Talk about next girls night out. Ladies this is the place to be. Yes, you can dine as early as 10am and sip on some fresh French Coco but there is an experience like no other in Phoenix. As an Elite member I had the opportunity to get the total experience. I met Julia who has an amazing story on how she got started. This lovely lady who created a dynamic, classy, and trendy Chocolate shop at the Biltmore Fashion Park created an ambiance that is fun. Gosh! Where do I start?

The place is trendy with chandeliers and unique table settings. A total "Sex in The City" ladies spot. Yes, men can enjoy too but  this so reminds me of a girls hang out for bridal showers, girls night or birthday party. The variety of Chocolates and Cakes are freshly made with the best ingredients. You can place am order to go, dine in or have a party. Not to mention there are drinks. Yep! That's right... A variety of Champagne, Wines, and much more. The big hit of the night was the Chocolate Martini. I did not try it because I am not a drinker but the Yelp Ladies went "Wild." The glass was uniquely decorated with Chocolate with a glass filled with Yum!Yum! Yum! 

If your ready to get Chocolate wasted this is the place to be. The staff are wonderful and professional. Plan on having a wonderful experience when you stop in.
She is adorable & u need to try the chocolate martini!!
I typically would not write a review based on a Yelp event where I had the chance to try the food for free, but I just cannot hold back when it comes to this shop. The chocolate here is ridic. It is so good. I want to go back now....and tomorrow......and everyday. I won't, because no matter what Julia says, you can't eat this stuff everyday and be in good shape. Anyway, the chocolate martini may be the best drink I've ever had....so rich and delicious. The cakes were all good, but the chocolate mousse with the hazelnut was just insanity. I cannot wait until I can go back and have some more of this crazy delicious dessert....this may be my new fave dessert in the desert!
Chocolate heaven in a pastry shop and wine bar. The decor is beautiful. Julia is a wonderful and inspiring woman. She should be a motivational speaker. The desserts are scrumptious. A cute place for a gals night out party or shower. Another interesting little FYI Julia just got her own show on TV. Good for her. The only thing I want to know is how she stays so slim eating all that daily decadence.
I am not a huge chocolate fan....but after coming here, I think I may have changed my mind.  I would never have thought of coming into this cute boutique shop if it weren't for the Yelp Elite event that I attended.  Julia Baker was there and told us how she got to where she was.  What an amazing woman and such a go-getter. I could've sat there and listened to her talk all night.  I wish her the best of luck with her future endeavors including her show coming up on the Food Network.  

During this stop, Julia served us with Prosecco - I'm not a huge fan, but she accommodated by offering Moscato - now that's what I like!  We were also served a chocolate martini...in my mind, I kept thinking, ugh, I'm not going to like this....but after I took my sip, I chugged that thing down and wanted more!  The chocolate was so creamy and the alcohol content in there just made it perfect. 

Three desserts were served - a chocolate hazelnut with a cookie-like crust at the bottom.  Again, not a chocolate lover, but this was absolutely scrumptious and I cleaned off that dessert like it was nobody's business.  Second dessert was red velvet - which was just that, velvety and delicious.  Not dry and perfectly moist.  The last dessert was her white chocolate with passion fruit and coconut.  Because I do not like coconut, this was my least favorite.  

We were also given a little 2-piece sample in a cute box with a pink ribbon on it.  When I got home, my 5-year old gobbled it down before I could even eat it!! He came to me with chocolate all around his mouth saying it was delicious.  I believe him!

This place has a back area that can be curtained off for private parties, book clubs, showers, etc.  I will definitely be coming back to this gem and buy gifts for friends in the future!

And Julia, if you're reading this....maybe we have met somewhere before....I used to work in the hotel & restaurant industry and I know Chuck amongst some other Chefs....so I'm sure we have crossed paths before.  :) Hope to see you again!
We came in here during a Yelp event and just wanted to draft a quick review. Julia was there for the event and gave us a very interesting class on chocolates and how she got started in the chocolate business. She was very upbeat and was very interesting.  She's accomplished a lot in her life. 

While at the event we were able to be lucky enough to sample 3 of her delicious desserts including the passion fruit cake, red velvet cake, and a chocolate moose while drinking a wonderful chocolate martini. Man they were just awesome!!! I know my wife was in heaven and we will make this a regular stop next time we are in the Biltmore!!
yes, she was here! Julia Baker herself. don't know her? me neither...and then i met her and tasted the goodies she makes, and now i will never forget her. 
even more impressive was that she was so normal! like a regular person who liked to make chocolate goodness and became successful, but still remained normal. i liked her tremendously. and then she passed around some of her goodies. 

hot damn, i was having a fit. the passion fruit treat was my favorite. it was rich, flavorful, but light. there was no skimping on the passion fruit either. next favorite was the red velvet cake...now we're talking richness. then, and i can't remember it...but it was pure chocolate...deca-freaking-dent! but with champagne, it all goes down way too easily. 

julia is a well rounded and knowledgeable chocolate expert....she loves what she does and it made the experience so much better. i may have a new place to treat the wife to!
I was surprised to walk in here and see tables and chairs, and a bar! I assumed it was only a storefront for her chocolates, but you can order champagne and desserts-even reserve the back half of the establishment for private functions! We got to sample tastes of the red velvet cake, passion fruit dessert, and the third was a chocolate ganache filled piece of heaven. We also got a chocolate lesson on what exactly 70% dark means, and the difference between milk, dark, and white chocolate. 
Meeting Julia Baker herself really made this trip to Julia Baker Confections something extraordinary. She really has an interesting story about how she got into the chocolate business!
CHOCOLATE DREAMS.

Sometimes the very best things come from dreams. Julia Baker's dream was to make sure that the very best chocolate was available to everyone. Her dream was not a small one; nor one that was easily accomplished. But it was there and it was so real that it overshadowed the other successful parts of her life. How do I know this about her Chocolate Dream?

Because she is not one to skimp on words. She tells it like it is. She lays it all out there for all to see. She tells a story that started with her dream and that story has grown into more than just one woman's dream; but has grown into the dream of many from Arizona to Ghana. 

That dream has become the reality of CHOCOLATE farming. Chocolate Confections. Chocolate Truffles. Chocolate Martinis. Chocolate Pralines. French Sipping Chocolate. Chocolate Mousse Cake. Red Velvet Chocolate Truffles. White Chocolate.  Milk Chocolate. Dark Chocolate. Chocolate Dreams. Chocolate. Sweet Chocolate. Sweet, Sweet Chocolate. This is what sweet dreams are made of . . . Sweet Julia with the chocolate dreams.

www.JuliaBakerConfections.com
Amazing. So delicious. The shop itself is beautiful, with a nice sitting area if you want dessert and cocktails. We picked up a few chocolates and a bar and were not disappointed in the least bit.

The dark ganache truffle is rich, fantastic, delicious. Hazelnut is wonderful, coconut is yummy with a nice texture, milk ganache is simple and sweet, and the Irish creme was beyond what I would expect.

The milk gooey chocolate bar is perfectly balanced with caramel. Usually, bars like this are overdone and too sweet, but this was the best.

I cannot wait to stop in again and have a cake based dessert with a cocktail. This place is a little pricey, but definitely worth it.
I LOVE Julia Baker!!!  I told her that I'm going to move into her shop and eat chocolate forever...well maybe not because I would miss my husband, but this is THE PLACE for all things chocolate in the Valley.  And Julia Baker is so incredibly welcoming on top of that.  She hosted a group of Yelp Elites for the Dine Around the Biltmore event and the things she let us sample were to. die. for.  On top of that she sent us home with a little box of chocolates.  I can't wait to bring my husband back here!  Thank you Julia Baker for your wonderful hospitiality and your love of chocolate.  It shows in everything you touch and I know you have even bigger things ahead!  Let me know if you ever need a taste tester.  I will gladly volunteer my services for free, teehee. :)
This little shop is pure magic. We sauntered in post dinner and had a fabulous finish to our meal. The chocolate lava cake made me whimper and mewl. The cake itself was a little piece of perfection and  the chocolate erupting from it truly amazing. It was served with vanilla ice cream surrounded by a fine bed of chocolate crumbs. We paired this with two bold red wines that really brought us to the apex of dessert heaven.

We met Julia and are excited about her efforts to give the Ghana(ese) people a hand up. It's a great mission to be able to change lives through chocolate! We'll be watching her website due to be relaunched to see the progress of Julia Baker Confections.
Do you love wine? And chocolate? Or both together? Need I say more then?? I first stumbled upon this glorious place while shopping in the Biltmore. I mean, who (ok maybe just us females) would NOT walk into a chocolate store  that also sells alcohol! You can sample off a tasing menu and sip a luxurious cocktail or take something to go like a box of chocolates. This I probably don't need to say makes for an amazing date or just something different and special to do! I got a Valentine's gift this year from Julia and LOVED it! Can't wait to go back again! Check out the website to really get the idea! 
http://www.juliabakerconfections.com/
This shop appeals to my girlishness. Prim, proper, pink and chocolates.  It makes me think of a cute shop in Paris. My friend and I felt like we had to be dressed up to enter here but the girls were still very welcoming to us considering we were in outdoorsy gear. They gave us a couple of free samples and explained to us the story of Julia Baker.  We were very impressed with their adorable uniforms and inquired about them. They are pink and black and so cute! 

We were waiting for our buzzer to go off for dinner for True Food Kitchen so we picked up one of their chocolates for dessert to go. $3 for a visually beautiful piece of chocolate. Taste wise it wasn't the most sophisticated chocolate I've ever tasted but I think the entire experience is what makes Julia Baker Confections so special.
Verrrrry good chocolate!  Priced similarly to what you find at Godiva, but you get chocolates that are even more delicious.  The shop is gorgeous and the sales people are so sweet offering a sample and information about the chocolates. They have a cute sitting area including a bar where they make coffee, hot chocolate, lattes, and serve wine to pair with your purchased confections.  I ended up buying a box of 8 from the case.  The french caramel truffle was just about the most delicious thing I'd ever eaten.  I kinda wished my whole box was just those... Maybe I should ask Santa!  ;)  No doubt, when I visit the Biltmore, I will be stopping here for a treat!
OMG I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!
Btw, Did I mention that Julia Baker is amazing? I didnt? Well SHE IS. So down to earth with a great sense of humor! She definitely has an interesting life story. 
I think this is a great place at the Biltmore to stop by for a bit of indulgence in chocolate, girl talk and espresso. 
They offer free wifi, which is great if you want to stop by and do some surfing of the web. If I lived in the area, I would stop by here to do homework. 
The ambiance is girly, but very European as well. Very similar to how I would view a cafe in France. 
The chocolates here can be a little pricey, but they are to die for. I would suggest the red velvet cake dipped in dark chocolate. Its amazing. 
I'll be stopping here every time I come to  Biltmore Fashion Park!
Well . . . I guess I'll join the " I LOVE JULIA BAKER " band wagon!!! As part of a Yelp event, Julia was there and oozed charisma. She was funny, engaging, and full of passion for her chocolate everything. I'm pretty sure everyone who meets her, falls in love with her. She's one of those girls, yup, she's like that. 
She told us her story, taught us how to discern quality chocolate the Dr. Oz way with canisters of cocoa, fat, sugar displayed in an easy to understand graphic matter. Best way to dispense important information- so simple and clear even a 5 yr old can understand it. 
From there, things just got deliciously better. She treated us to not just one but three decadent desserts beautifully presented in the best fashionable way. I'm not one to eat dessert but I made an exception for Julia. Because I recognize quality dessert when I see it and to pass up anything quality well, that's just not my style. 
True to my eye's opinion, the chocolate, red velvet, and lemon with coconut were all palate spoiling happiness. If you asked me to pick a favorite, I couldn't because in the world of perfect sweets, I love them all equally!
On top of already feeling like I've reached heaven, we paired the desserts with my oh soooo favorite drink of choice- yes, you guess it- bubbly champagne. So crisp, just the right amount of sweetness. 
What?  You say we were in Phoenix? I would say we were in a Parisan cafe, enjoying the sort of evening that creates memories. Especially when already I was feeling the gratitude of a wonderful moment, a chocolate martini was served to me. I thought omg! I can't handle anymore wonderfulness. But again, I made an exception for Julia and her confections. 
You can write that there are better chocolates out there but there are no combination of Julia Baker and chocolates. That's right, she and her chocolates are definitely one of a kind!  
Thanks Julia for the relishing experience!
My friend took us here to ask us to be her bridesmaid so it was fun that we had a nice little corner in the back with some prosecco and chocolate. 

The girls who work there are very cute and fun and were happy we were having a great time. We shared a piece of cake with a sampler of some dark chocolates. From my others reviews you can tell I am girl who likes a good bang for her buck and to me the chocolate size wasn't worth the cash we paid for it. The cake on the other hand was huge and delicious. 

I probably would never go here again because its not up my alley but it was good to be invited and to try something new.
Lovely little shop that serves a delicious cup of coffee with a side of sweet whipped cream. Very decadent! 

Wish I could have indulged in more. 

I will definitely be back for a taste of their chocolates and a box to-go for a great gift! 

Make sure to support this fun local business.
A night out with my little girl was home from school  and we find ourselves at Biltmore FP wandering around. We opt into Julia Confections for a dose of sugar and coffee. We actually did not realize there was seating and desserts til we were inside. With that we sat and shared the sundae. Can we say heaven? The sundae comes in a large decadent bowl and all these sides of more decadence: hot, rich JC, fudge ; hot caramel ; nuts; chantilly cream; chocolate sprinkles. Mmmm. My little girl loved making her own bites out of her rare dose of sugar. The adults had cappuccino from the coffee bar. As if that was not enough, we left with more chocolates. The girl working was a bit overwhelmed by herself; but she was super sweet and polite and apologetic for the tardiness in serving. That goes a long way. This little piece of heaven is tucked into Biltmore and worth the stroll in. Worth the next days workout!
I love Julia Baker's chocolates. Even though they are pretty pricey, they are totally worth it. However, I came in here with a group of girls for my birthday a while ago and I was a little disappointed in the service. If you read the below you might think I am pretty picky and maybe my expectations were just a little too high. But when you are spending that much money on just chocolate and wine what you are really paying for is a fun, girly experience and Julia Baker just did not deliver that.

I called about a month in advance to inquire about a private party. When I was here for the Yelp event (the Dine Around at Biltmore elite event) the owner had told us about how they went all out for bridal showers and other events to make it a great experience. So, I thought it would be fun for my birthday. I was told on the phone that to have the entire place to ourselves for even 1 hour would be a $400 minimum. Well, that is a little much for me but I went ahead and made a reservation for the 9 of us since I figured we would all fit at those tables up by the register/bar. I was a little worried that the other girls would think it was a waste of money since their chocolates are really expensive so my hubby went in and bought a gift card which was an awesome surprise. The morning of the event we had all gone to brunch first and so we arrived about 30 minutes late but I had called from the restaurant so they knew we were still coming.

When we walked in we were not greeted or acknowledged in any way by the lone staff member. I didn't think too poorly of her since she was there by herself and busy with other customers. But when I thought about it later, why didn't they have at least 2 people in the store when they knew a group of 9 girls was going to be there?? The biggest surprise was that none of the tables had been set or had any kind of signage showing it was reserved. After standing around awkwardly for about 5 minutes we just sat down. I had a menu that was included in the envelope with the gift card so we started looking that over. It was another 5-10 minutes before she brought us full menus. She did not provide any explanations on how their chocolates are made, what the different options were or any recommendations. Just dropped off the menus and left. We had to call her back to order some wine. By that time the store was empty and so we had her full attention and she was very nice about letting my friend sample some of the wine that she wasn't sure she would like (and she didn't). But it was still hard for her to get all the chocolate plates ready all on her own. After about an hour another girl walked in and seemed very annoyed at having to deal with a full table of women right away. We ordered another bottle of wine to use up the gift card and when my friend asked for a fresh glass (yeah, the same friend who had ordered a sample of a wine she didn't like) the girl rolled her eyes, sighed and then walked off to get the glass. We all just laughed it off and said "wow, I guess she is having a bad day." I still had a really great time because I have some fabulous girlfriends and my sisters and mom were there. But really considering I had made these plans over a month in advance and we spent almost $200 in that place I just really expected better treatment.

I would maybe come in again just to get a box of chocolates or with a smaller group but they definitely are not a good place for special events as they claim to be.
Pros: Super sweet and delicious cakes, ice cream, and truffles.  

Cons: It can be a tad bit too sweet for me, after a couple bites I'm done.

Red Velvet cake is definitely my favorite and so is their washroom - mirrors everywhere and very clean.
I came here with a good friend for a girls day.  The interior of this place is beautiful! They really paid attention to detail when designing this place.  I ordered a glass of red wine & my friend ordered moscato.  We decided to each other something different & then split.  I got the cake bite trio & she got the chocolate lava cake.  They were both good, but I think for the price we paid I was expecting it to really knock my socks off which it didn't. The service was amazing, the girls were so attentive & sweet, they get an extra star for that! I think when I come back it will be more for a special occasion due to the price.
The man and I come to Julia Baker about once a month and it's always a special treat. The truffles are amazing. My personal favorite is the white chocolate passion fruit. 

I love the concept of this place more than anything. Who doesn't love a chocolate bar? You can enjoy wine pairings for each type of chocolate (wine and chocolate? Woman's best friend) and they even have a variety of other chocolate drinks! Think hot chocolate, chocolate milk, chocolate totties, chocolate coffee; the list goes on and on.

We bought 18 chocolates this evening which  cost about $32.00. Not bad at all considering these are gourmet chocolates. Not to mention that just one bite will prove their worth.
Gorgeous shop.  Beautiful chocolates, pastries, muffins and coffee service too.  All items are made on premises by hand.  They do a daily lunch item for 6.95.  We tried the chocolates and the pastries.  They were packaged in pretty boxes so we could get them home without "smashing" them.  They have a couple of tables if you want to stay and eat in.  Check them out, we did and they are a rockstar of a shoppe!
This is a great addition to the Neighborhood. The chocolate is divine and the coffee outstanding! I can't forget about the pastries either. I had the Mocca Java cookie today along with a few chocolates. So good! I highly recommend the Salted Caramels and the White Chocolate and Goat Cheese Ganache truffle!

If you are in the area go and check this place out. I promise you won't be disappointed!
In honor of local business and my love of  a good pastry shop , here is the info on No Phoenix's newest delight.   Cute and thoughtful decorated with a glass window to watch chocolates being made this is a special place. 

Yahoo and Hurray ! I am thrilled to have a bakery that is tasty , homey and has great lunch tarts, salads,sandwiches and coffee!  Located near ASU west just north of Thunderbird , this quaint mom and pop bakery has the elements of a being a local haunt.
Owners Pat and Tony Rayner have loads of chocolateriering and  baking experience and their display case shows it. Filled with tasty cookie bars, filled chocolates ( chocolate with goat cheese ? Yes please! ), pain au chocolate, big cookies and tarts .This is like a great back east bakery , And  the goodies are fresh and taste like the way you'd make it if you could . Did I mention they also have one of my downfalls  chocolate covered macaroons? It's so yummy! Prices are reasonable ,and the macarons are only a buck! 

Now if that weren't enough they also have sandwiches and tarts that seemed European , maybe because Tony is was formerly a British baker? Lunch time treat ? Try the one of the salads with goat cheese and walnuts....mmmm.  Food can be take out or stop and eat at their sweet little tables. 

Looks like they are well equipped for coffees, smoothies and other breakfast nicieties too.  Close to my work it  may become my new favorite.
This locally-owned coffee/chocolate/pastry/sandwich/soup shop is a wonderful little jewel tucked away with several businesses on the East side of 51st Avenue just north of Thunderbird. I was so lucky to run across it a month ago! I rushed over to welcome them, and found to my delight that not only was everything scrumptious, but the owners are kind, down-to-earth folks (who happen to be a killer chef and a chocolate wizardess) who are committed to sourcing their ingredients locally. My family and co-workers are slowly working our way through their offerings and absolutely everything is outstanding.
I hope you get a chance to try Rayner's soon - you won't be sorry!
BTW ASU students - they offer a Student Discount - sweet!
Finally! An exceptional bakery and coffee shop in the West Valley! The place is fairly hidden, in a non-descript  strip mall on the east side of  51st Ave just north of Thunderbird but worth the effort. Their coffee is exceptional but my current fav is an iced Jujube fruit and black tea. I'm addicted. We're eating our way through their pastries; the croissants remind me of the ones I enjoyed in France. And their homemade chocolate-dipped biscotti  and Meringues (both Pistachio and Strawberry) are heavenly. There is a very particular German woman at work who gave very high marks to their Pear Financier Tarts (us too). And don't ignore their sandwiches and salads. They have a build-your-own sandwich for $5.25 that puts to shame the same sandwich with much lower quality ingredient at Sprouts for$ 2.99. And where else can you get handmade chocolate stilettos (for real)! We are delighted to finally have this level of quality in the bakery coffee and chocolate department on our side of town.
I'm really happy I found this place. It's tucked away in a strip mall slightly off the main road. The interior is casual kinda cute and homey. The food is great!

The pastries are delicious, the chocolates are hand made. They have some unique creations as well, like Jujube tea for example. 

It's a locally-owned shop, and the owners are nice, down-to-earth and talented. They also source some of their ingredients locally, which is always a great way to support our community!

If you are particular about your pastries, come here and you will not be disappointed. The coffee is good too. Really, this place is so much better than the Starbudgets down the street. I'm so thrilled to see a quality establishment open in the area. I hope a trend begins.
Amazing pastries, British delights galore, and very reasonable prices! The chef has apparently been at it for 50 years and it shows. I'm so glad to have found this place!
they use sunburst farms produce and products. everthing is fresh daily &absolutely delicous.  very hospitable and passion for there buiz. one of the unique things was, for  first time visitors you will receive a free mouthwatering chocolate.
Met some clients here for a meeting and really enjoyed this place. Had a sandwich and the tea both were really good.
This is what yelp is all about; finding gems like these! The staff is amazingly nice, the coffee is delish and the chocolate is completely sinful. Kind of hidden north of a preschool off of 51st ave.
WOW My mouth is watering thinking of what I'll  have next time!  Love the Atmosphere!  Chocolates and pastries to die for!  And lunch was amazing!  "Chef" Tony is an artist.
An adorable little mum n' pa hole in the wall shoppe. 
It's situated right next door to one of my oldest friend's apartment complex, so we definitely get our breakfast fix here whenever I crash on his couch.
The owner's are a really nice cheerful little minnesotan-esque couple that is happy to stuff you silly with their tasty treats and sweeties. My best bud being a rather rotund and convivial man always gets his sweet tooth fix here and I definitely can't blame him, all their little chocolates and pastries just look downright gorgeous. I'm more partial to savoury flavours myself so I opt for breakfast sandwiches they offer that are served with their very own house made ciabatta and a thick cut pepper smoked bacon that just typing about is making me salivate- what's more is they were more than willing to accomodate me and make it mayo-less as I rushed back in to modify my order in a near panic when I realized it came with it.
Can't wait to get back here and scoop up some bon bons for me dear ol' Ma.
Very nice surprise,  a quaint friendly bakery, coffee cafe.... that emphasizes pastries, coffee, soups with a nice menu for breakfast and lunch...Such a nice experience we plan on being regulars... With everything made fresh , and a local supplier you cant go wrong and being a patron is the epitome of local support... tucked away off Thunderbird and 51st ave on the east side ...it is worth the visit... Did not have the soup but was told the clam chowder is to die for.... served on the weekends  I will be back :)
I'm shocked there is not a line out the door!  What a gem on the West Side!!  Awesome pastries and chocolates with delicious whole foods baked in.  The Coffee Jolt cookie was incredible with spicy dark tones.  The short bread full of buttery goodness like it should be. Now  the surprise...The coffee - WONDERFUL! It even impressed me; the greatest coffee snob of all.  I cant wait to try their lunches.  Hurry in before everyone else finds out and you can't get a seat in this perfectly decorated cozy little shop. Look for the yellow sign north of T-bird on 51st Ave.
This is a more unique local business that serves chocolate, European (mostly British) styles foods, and British grocery items.

They have a full menu of breakfast and lunch items but I ordered one of the Scotch egg pasties out of the display cooler along with a lemon bar and Highland shortbread. That, with a large latte, was just over $12. 

The pasty was pre-made and warmed in the oven so it came out fast and was so good. Very soft, perfectly baked pastry crust with a sprinkling of pepper and salt on top. The Scotch egg inside (hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage) was delicious. The sausage was perfect and not at all greasy and the egg was cooked just right.
The lemon bar was more of a type of lemon curd oat cake instead of just being the typical lemon-y gel stuff over graham cracker crust and was really good. I like that it was more hearty than your average lemon tart. The shortbread was a little harder than I like but has nutmeg and cinnamon in it and was great when I dipped it in a hot coffee I made myself later.
The latte was great too. It wasn't anything special but wasn't too milky and the coffee wasn't bitter which is all too common in less-commercial coffee places. Just right.

You can see right into the chocolate-making area and there were a bunch of different types including these huge high heels made of chocolate. Really cool! I, unfortunately, didn't actually sample any of their chocolate but I'll be back for that sometime hopefully soon.

As I was in and eating, two different people came in and were obviously regular how they chatted with the owners. It was nice to have that real mom-and-pop-shop feeling there.

I definitely hope this place sticks around! I don't frequent this area of town but if I lived over there, I'd certainly be a regular.
You couldn't pay me to write a bad review on this place. Absolutely wonderful. Stop in for breakfast, have some coffee, try some handmade chocolate, stay for some lunch and try some handmade chocolates. Chef is incredibly talented and his wife is incredibly pleasant. Wish I stopped in more than I do. Follow them on Facebook and get ready to drool over their daily specials. Do yourself a favor and try this place if you haven't.
Cute bakery/coffee shop hidden in a little plaza on 51st Ave off of Thunderbird Rd. Nice selection of unique baked goods, chocolates and coffee drinks. I loved the egg free breakfast cookie and my daughter highly recommends the chocolate and nut brownie. The owners work the register and the other is the chef, and are super friendly and clearly take pride in their establishment. I would have given them five stars in a heart beat (and I wish I could have given them four and a half stars) but they didn't offer skim milk as an option for the coffee drinks. Not a huge deal at all but it's what I like. Oh well, black coffee was just fine with me. A nice change up from the chain coffee shops.
I live in California but wanted to send something nice to a friend who had a rough time in Glendale, I wanted to send chocolates that were a very nice variety and higher end. When I called around and finally reached Rayner's the woman that answered the phone immediately answered all my questions and was very knowledgable about all the ingrediants used in each chocolate. The hotel will be picking up my order, but on product knowledge, quality ingrediants, and customer service alone I give them top marks. I hope when I see my friend she will share a chocolate or two so I can actually try these mouth watering creations!
I popped in here the other weekend. I had just gotten back from a city renowned for its coffee and was looking for a decent latte.

This is a very nice, family run joint with some tasty looking treats. All I can speak to was the lemon bar and coffee that I consumed in a flash, and I can attest that both were quite good. Drop by if you're in the area, this seems to be a great local business that deserves the support of the community they service.
What a great little place tucked away on 51st Aveue/Tbird.  Along with great coffee, sweet treats, who knew they had the best biscuits & gravy?  We did!
The hummus, veggie, and focaccia bread sandwich is good. Perfect for a light lunch. I bought some of their pastries hoping that would make for good snacks/easy to grab breakfast options, but they were lack luster as best. I will definitely stop back to try their shepard's pie though.
A little fun dive really off of 51st Avenue...Easy to find if you know where you are going.
The store kinda wants to have this little European flair I guess...it wins in the pastry area, but not necessarily in the overall atmosphere.

Once inside, you will find a tasty display of some remarkable pastries including croissants, dry cookies, tarts etc..... In addition,  Rayner's also offers snacks and sandwiches. And if this is your first time visiting the store, they will offer you a complimentary chocolate.

Very nice staff - and there are also some shelves stocked with European goodies, even some candy bars I grew up with including Smarties Yeah!

The coffee is delightful. Thanks to Yelp - I found this place just looking for Espresso and  was pointed in Rayner's direction.
A few months ago, I was driving to my cousin's house and just happened to catch a glimpse at a sign that had the word "chocolate" in it. I decided to stop by with my fianc, and I am so glad I did!

This gem of a bakery is tucked away just off of 51st Avenue and Thunderbird. They recently added more seating and it is surprisingly spacious. The owners are very kind, and I always receive great customer service when I'm there (which is a lot!).

Now, here are some of the things that I absolutely recommend:

Pain au chocolat
Jujube anything - their tea is a little on the sweet side, but delicious
All the handmade chocolates!!! (You get a free piece on your first visit!)
Strawberry muffin
Meringue
Fresh fruit danishes
Snickerdoodles - best I've ever had
Brownies - very rich and chocolaty

Just try all that you can because everything is great!

The lunches are also a great value; it beats going to any fast food restaurant around town. I love the Greek chicken pita! Generous portions and fresh ingredients. My fianc likes the Shepherd's pie, and I like to steal bites, too!

This is definitely a place worth visiting. I just moved to Los Angeles and am missing it dearly.

Charming, quaint places like Rayner's remind me how important it is to support small, local businesses.
Rayner's first came on my radar a couple of years ago thanks to mentions by friends.  I've become a real fan once I tried it.  It's hard to decide my favorite food offering there:  pastries?  handmade chocolates? Delicious lattes?  Outstanding soups? Tasty sandwiches?   I must face it, I love them all!
Tried this quaint little place for the first time today with the highest of hopes and was not let down. I went mid-morning to get a cup of coffee and something to eat. The lady behind the counter was very gracious and let me sample a piece of dark chocolate with an espresso cream filling. It was exquisite. I then bought a cappuccino wet and a muffin which I believe was cinnamon streusel. Hands the best cappuccino I've ever had and the muffin was so moist and the streusel added the perfect amount of richness and flavor. Excited to try they're large variety of coffees and teas as well as they're breakfast dishes and pastries.
This is my new favorite place. I came in for a simple cup of coffee and was quickly sold on their delicious lunches and chocolates, all for a very low price. The service is absolutely wonderful. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
Wonderful little spot, so glad we found it, fanstastic turkey and cranberry sandwich and pastries are delicious!
Wonderful Service and Fantastic food! Especially the Gluten free sandwich we had !!
The strip mall in which it's located is nondescript so pay attention, but if you are near ASU West or Thunderbird, make a pit stop! The latte was sufficient - not the best press I've had but definitely not the worst - but the savory and sweet treats are what sold me. The service was sweet, helpful, and graciously warm! The feeling was just happy and homey. The pastries rival what I tasted in Europe, and my savory biscuit breakfast sandwich tempted me to order a second (which would have triply killed my diet). I was delighted to see they sell truly Briton fares, and I not only have some PT's tips, I also have a new box of Builder's tea to cut my teeth on Monday through Friday to save myself from sad corporate coffee. Builder's is not a pansy tea, no way, this is the stuff of the makings of that enviable strong, upper lip of the quintessential Brit that we Americans somehow lost in our independence. As far as tea goes God Save the Queen, and as far as pastry and coffee goes, long live Rayner's.
The hospitality is stupendous. The lattes and mochas my wife, daughter, and I had were creamy and smooth. While we waited for out drinks we were treated to hand crafted chocolates. When we are anywhere near ASU West we will definitely stop by.
What a hidden gem.   The food was delicious, the owners were so incredibly kind and friendly.  Thanks for a wonderful experience!
Fantastic quality home cooked food! Great friendly service and a welcoming neighborhood environment!
This place is one of a kind. I've tried nearly everything on the menu and have never had a bad experience. In fact everything I try has only turned out to be excellent. From breakfast, lunch, dessert, coffee, and their other drinks everything is delicious and satisfying -- and all for incredibly low prices. The owners are extremely friendly and interesting people who are more than willing to have a great conversation. I can't think of a better place for lunch anywhere -- let alone Phoenix. This place is truly a treasure.
This is one of the best restaurants in the West Valley. It is tucked away in a nearly vacant business area, but the food is something else. Run by a nice couple, the chocolate and pastries are handmade and the sandwiches are of the gourmet variety. They make a good cup of espresso too!
First-timers get a free piece of mouth-watering chocolate!!!! So yummy!!!!
I searched coffee and found this gem. What a delightful little shop. Fresh homemade chocolates, fresh everything. I was so pleased with everything. The prices are more than reasonable. The owners are present, they actually work there. Very pleasant folks! I highly recommend Rayner's.
Sitting in the parking lot at Wally-world on 59th & Bell, it's lunch time which means the Mexican Phone company (Taco Bell) or better yet, fire up Yelp and see what's in the neighborhood. Wait, what's this? A five star joint with over 40 reviews?  Hard to believe!  Well, believe it! Completly hidden on 51st between Greenway and TBird is a gem of a coffee/chocolate/sandwich/breakfast place.  Run by the owners and serving up incredible food and genuine service.  Had the Unforgettable Bacon Hot Dog with  secial sauce (red onion, jalepeno, swee icle, green olives, , etc.)  Wrapped in bacon on a perfect stadium bun and it was awesome.  The Princess had the grilled chicken with feta and tasiki (?) sauce- she can't wait to go back.  We've already made plans with friends to check out the breakfasts.  They also have homemade pastries and handmade chocolates which are the real deal!  (They generously give first-timers a free piece of chocolate). Judging by the steady stream of customers at 2:30 on a Saturday, I'd say the word is getting out on this wonderful place.  They also have a great selection of British grocery items for sale.  Check it out, you won't be dissappointed.
Black Forest Ham & Egg Sandwich 
Combined with Great Service is an excellent combo.... Also had a mocha and
it was......Delicious .....
A hidden gem we stumbled upon on our way out if town. We were just visiting family for the holiday and needed a quick "treat" for the road. Boy were we in for a TREAT! Handmade pastries and chocolates!! We ended up buying way more than we expected because everything looked and WAS so delicious. The owner helped us by explaining each different chocolate and even gave us a free taste (TIP: if its your first time they give you a free sample:) it was a little slow but that was only because they spent so much time and attention on us, which is a huge plus in comparison to all those big busy coffee shops that rush you through. Needless to say it was difficult to leave but alas California was calling us...but we at least had some delicious treats for our trip home!
Amazing!  Fabulous food, baked goods, chocolate, and service.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank You!
What a wonderful place with fantastic service! I came here for lunch last week and was impressed. The service was fantastic and the woman who helped us was kind, especially since I was eating with an adorable and animated 2 year old. I had the chicken salad on a croissant. Wow! Delicious! We were offered some chocolates to try, which were delicious. We also bought a number of pastries which were all good. I would definitely eat here again. My only suggestion is to not come in here in a rush. I don't feel like we waited too long, but if you are expecting "fast" food then you may want to call it in or just expect a few minutes of a wait. It is worth it!
I went here today for lunch and was super excited to try it out based on the 5 star reviews... What I found was a 2 star restaurant. I would be shocked to find out if everything and/or anything was freshly prepared in house. I had a grilled chicken pita that tasted mediocre and my mom had a caesar salad which I swear is from Costco! If you are looking to spend 8+ on a meal that can easily be picked up from the pre made section of a grocery store then be my guest and give this place a shot.
While Glendale does not have a shortage of cozy little cafes, this gem is a real must-try. Tucked in the middle of a small, quiet commercial complex near ASU West, Rayner's features delectable and unique chocolates such as goat-cheese truffles, and a selection of beverages and  tasty pastries and breakfast/lunch offerings. Fancy fare without fancy prices, served with the Rayners' friendliness and warmth that make this  cafe such a pleasant breakfast and lunch spot. Oh ... and free wi-fi, too, plus a small grocery for British items!
Amazing! As a teacher and a mom of an eight year old I seek workspace away from home. Here is a veritable slice of Britain with Wifi, great coffee/tea AND food. The chocolate is divine! The ambience is quirky. The staff is personable. I'm home!
Best chocolate we have ever had! We were surprised at their lunch variety and everything we have tried so far has been excellent. They have fast service to get you in and out on your lunch break. They also make custom chocolate for special occasions and are quite talented. We eat there once or twice a week now. The chef is from England  and has amazing British recipes in addition to American menu options.
First time here today.  I brought my husband who is extremely picky. I was worried about his reaction to trying something new. He got a bacon, sausage, egg and cheese sandwich that he was thoroughly impressed with. I got the bacon, egg and cheese on some bread I hadn't heard of. It was so good I wish it wouldn't have ended. Since we didn't eat there we stood and waited for out food and coffee. We decided to buy some of the chocolates. Since I am currently full I will have to update after chocolate consumption.  It is a quaint little shop with some amazing greeting cards and a lot of eye candy on the walls. If you are in the neighborhood stop by and try it.
Wow, I never would of known this place existed if I didn't see it on Yelp. As a first timer, they offered us a piece of chocolate, and I tried the milk chocolate coconut one. The chocolate was soooo good! 

I got the black forest ham & egg sandwich, and it came out in a hamburger bun. It was really good, but nothing I fell head over heels for. My boyfriend got a lunch combo, which came with sun chips or fruit. The lady suggested we upgrade for some other kind of chips for $1 more...the chips were good, but definitely not worth the $1 upgrade.

The prices were really good too. My breakfast sandwich was around $4 and the lunch combo was around $8. 

I do want to go back sometime and try their pastries because they look SO good!
Tired of the same ol' coffee, we decided to see if yelp could help us and it brought us to Rayner's. I can tell you that it is a great little shop and the cappuccino (wet) was amazing actually the way it should taste. We had the 4b Black Forest ham and scramble egg sandwich and the 10b sausage bacon and scrambled egg. Bothe were delicious. I also tried and Italian love cookie (shortbread and jam) delicious. As first timers we were treated to a sample of the homemade chocolate ( dark, pumpkin seed). Everything was superb. This small business is the place to go!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The coffee and food are delicious! The atmosphere is great, owners are nice, and the baked goods are perfect. Couldn't be happier!
My husband & I enjoyed a beautiful morning here. Great music & staff. While our coffee and smoothie were brilliantly prepared we browsed their imported products, chocolate shoes and pastries. Not too many environments like this around Glendale. You should go check it out.
Went here for breakfast. Visiting from out of state. Came in and the owner was very friendly and welcoming, she gave us a sample of chocolate and it was one of the best pieces of dark chocolate I've ever had! I had oatmeal and coffee for breakfast, their black drip coffee is really great too. Lots of great selection and chocolate, and lots of imported British treats too. I will definitely come back here again when I'm in the area. Great customer service. It was a pleasure eating here.
What can I say but WoW!
My wife recently read about this place in the paper. 
If you did not know it was there you would probably never find this place. It is situated off 51 ave. just north of Thunderbird.There is a strip of stores that run east and west and they are situated about half way down this strip of stores. 
When I walked through the door I knew immediately I would like this place. 
My wife and I shared a pastry and a couple of short bread cookies. Don't ask the names we just picked what we thought would be a good selection for a first visit. OH! You get a piece of chocolate free on your first visit. 
I did not look at a menu but saw some of the specials posted on the walls. Now I am planning a trip soon to have breakfast. 
Decoration is for me hard to describe. Comfortable, friendly, clean, a place to meet a friend for breakfast or lunch, not just once but many times. There are two separate rooms where you can sit and eat plus outside. In the room we were in there was a wall with many different foods from England. 
Even though they were very busy the owner and one of the helpers took time to talk to us. 
Everything we had was very good. Or what I should say much better than good. 
Give them a try. I know you will be as impressed as I was.
It doesn't matter what you get. It will be absolute perfection!! The beautiful fresh fruit cheese Danishes are to die for! The Irish breakfast sandwich is incredible. The Vietnamese pork sandwich is delicious. The roast beef pear sandwich, turkey cranberry, ham and Brie . The coffee. The chocolate. It's all perfect. And if you can't tell you --will come back for more!
I give rayners five stars because it is mom and pop, it is very clean, and the food leaves you feeling clean. It is very popular and I've had the garlic and potato sandwhich(I don't remember the name) the turkey and cranberry and Brie(I think that was the cheese) and it was really good. Their chocolates are nice and their tea and coffee have quality to them. You won't leave super full, but you will feel good about it.
Lady (I think owner?) working was friendly & the decor was very cute. They had a nice selection of pastries as well as an extensive list of different coffee drinks. I always try to frequent these little Mom & Pop kinda shops & this didn't necessarily disappoint but it wasn't the best I've ever been to. I ordered a raspberry danish & an iced coffee with salted caramel syrup.  It was just weak hot coffee poured over ice with maybe a tiny bit of the syrup. The pastry was great but as far as coming back because I need my coffee fix, I'll probably keep looking. I do look forward to trying more of the pastries because there were quite a few & they all looked scrumptious!
My Mom found this delightfully decadent cafe while visiting from out of town. It is a feast for the eyes(their array of chocolates and baked goods is phenomenal!) as well as the palate.  I highly recommend for a lovely cup of coffee and beautiful pastries and croissants.
This awesome new cocoa bar & cafe just opened in February. According to the John Lewis website, they'll be opening more in other locations, but Edinburgh has the first. I stopped in with my husband and we each had a fancy drinking chocolate (salted caramel for me, chilli chocolate for him) and shared a brownie. Everything was delicious. Decadent, rich and really enjoyable on a rainy & dreary day! 

They have a varied cafe menu with more than just chocolatey treats, but we'll have to try those options another time. This is quite the departure from the usual cafe/tea room you find in department stores and I'll definitely be back. Yum.
Great addition to JL and the cafe is more spacious than it first appears. Also, worth noting that if you can't be bothered schlepping to Frederick St for Hotel Chocolat then all your needs are met in the store within the cafe here! 

So, came here on the promise of GF griddle cakes. There are GF options (savoury as well as sweet) and they are marked as such on the menu so kudos here.

I had a salted caramel hot choc - lovely and could definitely taste the salted caramel. It probably wasn't my best choice though as chocolate on chocolate is too much for me.

The griddle cakes were good! Like a pancake and slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, they were yum. Two generous helpings of chocolate spread were provided, as was a little round of cocoa nib butter. The slight saltiness of the butter with cocoa through it was lovely. The chocolate spreads were great too but hence the reason I'd avoid my drink being chocolate when I have this dish again as it was together, all too much sweetness for me (and I am all over the sweet stuff).

So the decor is all dark wood and chocolate tones and staff are friendly and helpful. Despite it being a Saturday, it was fairly quiet (a good thing) so more than happy to return :-)
I first tried some Hotel Chocolat products last year when a friend bought me some yummy caramel chocolate buttons. Since then I've been in love with their products, (although I must admit I've only tried a few things due to the price), so when I found out there was a Hotel Chocolat cafe in the John Lewis in Edinburgh I knew I had to visit. 

The cafe is located at the back of the store on the third floor so I imagine it doesn't get a lot of passing trade and it wasn't overally busy on the afternoon we visited. Now I didn't know before, but all the chocolate is made on site which means the place smells delicious. You can see the chocolate machine turning, and the beans being ground which is a nice touch. 

The counter is displayed with an assortment of yummy chocolate and cake like treats, including croissants, brownies, crispy cake, pastries, popcorn - it all looked delicious. Theres also a menu of main courses and an all day refuel menu. The main options, to name a few include - mac and cheese pie, cocoa dogs and a power brunch - each with chocolate in the recipe - white chocolate mash anyone? 
The all day refuel menu has some more breakfast inspired options included chocolate granola and muesli or toasts with chocolate spreads. 

Being the chocolate lover I am, I was truly spoiled for choice, but we opted to split the Vegetarian Cocoa Dogs with a Cocoa Balsamic Glaze which had a beer infused dressing on the side, and the Chocolate Brownie with icecream and chocolate sauce. 

I also love my tea so I opted for a Cocoa Infused Tea which smelt and tasted delicious with delicate chocolate undertones. They have a fab selection of teas, coffees and hot chocolates! Our teas arrived swiftly but the food did seem to take a while to arrive but was brought out by the chef which did suggest it was all made on site and had been lovingly plated up. 

The veggie dogs were very tasty with a sweet and sticky coating that didn't immediately taste chocolately although the dressing on the side was a bit unusual for my tastes. The menu stated this came in a bun which could be swapped for white choc mash, but it came in what was more like a toasted ciabatta style roll which was tasty all the same. The brownie was the star of the show - the perfect brownie not too cakey or fudgey and the 70% chocolate dressing really intensified the chocolate hit. 

Its not the cheapest place and the veggie dog at 7 did seem a bit expensive, but most of the other options were reasonable, especially compared to the price of other Hotel Chocolat goodies. I'd definitely like to go back and sample more of the tasty treats, but do hope they decide to open one in Glasgow!