OK seriously.  This could be one of Arizona's hidden treasures.  I almost don't want to share this, because it will eventually mean long lines for me.

This is a corner store (appropriately on the corner) of 56th Street and Indian School.  It at some time was probably a 7-11 or Circle K.  But they have THE BEST sandwiches in town.  When you walk in, it's a little sketchy.  So don't say you haven't been warned.  It is a convenience store and in a corner of the store they also happen to make sandwiches.  

If you aren't scared away, then you are in luck, because this corner of the store is where all the magic happens.  You ask the Asian guy at the counter for a slip and you write down your sandwich order.  He then hands it to the Asian guy in the corner who will then make your sandwich.  

They use Boar's Head meats and aren't stingy with it!  I had a roast beef sandwich that had at least 2 inches of meat on it...and with all the toppings, my sandwich was only $6!  

Plus, since it's a grocery store/gas station type place, you can grab some chips, nuts, drinks, beer, wine...whatever you need to go with your sammie.  I passed on the beer/wine since I was headed back to work to eat my sandwich at my desk. I recommend that you too get your sandwich and sides "to go"...since it's a corner store, there is no where to "sit and eat" unless you like eating in your car...and I have a really weird aversion to people who eat in their cars.  OR...you can dine in the AZ summer heat at a picnic table that is in the parking lot.  But, the table was taken today by a truck full of construction workers who obviously also learned about this wonderful sandwich shop.

Anyway, if you work or live in the area, you need to give this place a try...it is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in at least a year or two.  I will be going back...REAL SOON.
You would never know it from the sign out front, but this little convenience store on 56th Street and Indian School is quite a gem!  I've been in a few times over the years for a drink or a snack or what have you, but today, I decided to go pick up a sandwich, and I was super impressed!

"Proudly featuring Boar's Head," says the sticker on the saran wrap that sealed my sandwich, and it's featured on the sandwich board as well.  Boar's Head = quality, or so my husband has ingrained in my head.  He grew up on the stuff in Jersey!  

Back to my sandwich... I ordered the turkey with the works on a wheat roll.  ($5.59) It was ready in minutes and totally hit the spot.  My only complaints were that they don't offer avocado and the store has a very limited chip selection.  (note to store - please order some sun chips!)

On a positive note, they have picnic tables outside, although I took my sandwich to go.  I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - I live and work super close by!
I'm surprised that this place only has a handful of reviews, but I guess that happens when your regulars are a bunch of Yelp sales people who can't write reviews.

I frequent this establishment bi-weekly and always get a legit sando. Not too many Deli's in Phx that are that classic Deli/Convenient store combo like you find on every few corners in Cali, and this spot nails it. I usually stick with the Ham & Turkey Club because their bacon kills it, nice and crispy, crunch.
This unsuspecting gem offers cheap, delicious sandwiches and boasts Boar's Head quality meats and cheeses.  I was so happy when I stumbled across this place.  It feels like a true "corner" deli.  The sandwiches vary between $5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options.  They certainly don't skimp on the fixings.  My simple turkey and salami on sliced wheat bread was a good 2.5 inches tall.  They also have a great selection of beverages and beers to compliment your sandwich selection.  We sat outside to enjoy our sandwiches and watched a steady stream of happy customers, many of which seemed like regular visitors.  Don't make the mistake of driving by this place again without stopping in for a sandwich.
I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey.
Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!
You've got your basic little mini-mart here--ice, water, ice cream, drinks, snacks, all in a small, manageable store you don't have to walk a mile in to get where you are going.  Just a fast convenient stop, close to my mother's where I was staying.
Friendly service, a full range of Indian spices, frozen foodstuffs, freshwater fish (frozen) and meat (they cut up the meat and fish according to your preference) make this place useful for non vegetarian Indians, considering most of the Indian stores in my area sell only vegetarian stuff. They also sell cooked food like biryani and mutton curry, Just call up and place your order in advance and come down and pick it up.
Gross. I-mart has now expanded to include a restaurant just a few doors down from the market. Wise decision, because the market part smells whack. It is pretty obvious and common knowledge that they cut their meat in the back of the store. I suppose the market and restaurant deserve their own review, but I think its the same rating, I'll just merge them.

The market has your basic Indo-Pak foods. Don't confuse the owner for an Indian or Paki though, he's from Bangladesh. He's an extremely nice guy, but I feel like every since he moved from Tempe, near ASU, his store has just lost substance. If you need to buy substantial amounts of halal meat I suggest you go elsewhere, probably Baiz Market would be a good idea. The meat here is very inconsistent. He's got your basic Shan masala amongst other odd brands. Of course he has asian rice and everything else you'd really expect from this type of store. The mango juices he stocks are weird, but he has some Pakistani soda, Pakola. That's pretty cool.

The restaurant should be avoided. My fellow Indo-Pak friends rave about this place all the time, but I don't think they know any better. I walked in and the owner was taking orders... I was slightly confused and surprised (today was the first time I went to the restaurant). I thought to myself, "Hey man, he's usually at the store cuttin' my meat, what the heck is he doing here?" He must have made the food, because when he disappeared again he didn't reappear until my food was ready. My friends had bought me a tandoori chicken wrap, I'm being very ungrateful, but it was not enjoyable at all. The naan was obviously microwaved a few seconds too long, because by the time I got to it it was like chewing on plastic. Taking bites out my 'wrap' was just painful. I'm sad because the filling was actually pretty good, but how can you overmicrowave naan to that point? It's like overmicrowaving your hotpocket (just follow the damn directions).

The owner clearly wants to retire soon, he first moved from the ASU location to a much smaller store, and now he is barely focusing on the store. To make things worse, he decided to open up a restaurant. If you could compare this place to a legit Indo-pak restaurant, it'd be something like comparing Filiberto's to Chipotle. Everyone likes Chipotle, but only some people can stand Filiberto's.
The meat shop in the back offers some good selections for you. It is very convenient to pick up from their refrigerated section or if you have a special order of halal goat, or cut up chicken etc then you just go in the back and talk to the butcher who quickly prepares it for you. A lot of people also choose to order over the phone and pick it up. 

We were so disappointed over the last few months with Baiz market for their meat selections and offerings(their halal ground beef is just gross, even the extra lean ground beef is awful )  that we finally made the switch to I-Mart after 5 years of exclusively purchasing our meat from Baiz originally. The meat and prices are incomparable to Baiz as I-Mart certainly offers a better selection in meat and their prices are slightly cheaper plus we don't have to deal with any attitude from the butchers like at Baiz. I am glad we finally found this place. They also carry a bunch of Indian and Pakistani spices, indian desserts, whole wheat flour from India etc.
Finding authentic Pakistani food was almost impossible despite a large community and so called Pakistani restaurant called copper kettle. This restaurant serves chicken karahi which is actually tasty. The nans are freshly baked and are a delight. The restaurant itself is about the size of walk in closet and can only seat eight people. I would only recommend it for take out food. The owner is very courteous.
This is a great place, the store is a small unit and not as big as other Indian stores but it serves your purpose. The restaurant is by far the best when it comes to indo-pak/bangaldeshi food. I am an Indian and I have eaten that all my life back home, in east coast and in bay area and this is some quality food. If people don't like the food then they are just not used to the taste but don't blame the authenticity because Imart is very very authentic. I simply love the place, its very cheap compared to some of the places I have been to in US with a greater quality.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
As it was mentioned in a previous review, this place IS basically a convenience store with sandwich makers standing by.  So pretty much take a 7/11 or a comparable "kwike mart" that is over crowded with run of the mill convenience products and stick a deli case in it with a modest display of only Boars Head products (as if Boars Head is the end-all/be-all of gourmet deli) put a menu above it with typical selections of sandwiches and salads and there you have Convenient Corner Market.  The prices are in the middle.  The quality of my sandwiches was good but not uniquely good.  If you are planning a visit, I'd suggest calling ahead to avoid waiting longer than one would expect while dodging people just trying to buy some smokes, a tall boy, and a scratcher
+'s:  fresh tasting bread, family owned and operated, somewhat decent selection of beer/wine
-'s:  limited selection, long wait, could be cheaper, just "ok" sandwiches
Best sandwiches around (Boars Head meat) and fresh baked sub rolls!  Beer selection is second only to BevMo.  Always treated like family when im there.
I love this market. We come in here all the time for sodas and sandwiches. I wish they had a few more items on the shelves, but love the service.
The best & friendliest little market that you will find in Zona... And the sandwiches are uber delish!
This is by far the best convenient store around. Marty, Al, and Sam are the best! They are so good with their customers, they make great sandwiches, and they are just all around nice people. They have really been making some great renovations to improve the store as well. Love this place and the people!
Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
Awesome sandwiches on the best subroll ever!  Don't miss out!   Always friendly & nice!  I was raised in Scottsdale and I unfortunately don't live in the neighborhood, however, when I'm driving out to visit family, I always stop by for a sammy and a few extra rolls to go!  Thank you!!!  Keep up the great food & service!
Love their ham and cheese sandwiches! We love stopping by for a quick lunch to go! YUMMY!!
These guys rock!! Best deli sandwiches ever. The creamy basil pasta salad is excellent. Wonderful friendly staff who gets to know you as you frequent the store. Decently priced on everything. Wish I lived closer and they made special lunch deliveries to Amber in Tempe :)
Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... Primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter. :)
Awesome deli, fresh baked bread, great beer selection, super friendly staff, glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
Been coming here for years!

The people who own it are great! They are friendly, happy and run a incredible operation. They always take care to greet you by name and ask how you are doing. I have never had a bad experience there and the only time something went slightly wrong it resulted in me having a new favorite sandwich. Speaking of the sandwiches they are incredible!

This place is great! Props to Al, Marty and Sam for running such a great place!
This place is a hidden gem!  What an incredibly delicious menu they have for amazing prices!  You can get a half sandwich (which is huge), side, chips, and a drink for about $6.50.  I highly recommend the Turkey Delight and macaroni salad, they're both great.  The food and the staff are the absolute best things about this place.  This place is family owned and operated by the most amazing and friendly family.  If you go in often enough, they will recognize you.  I know there are plenty of regulars because they will greet lots of people by name.  I've been going to this place whenever I can for about 7 years, even when I lived out of town, I would always try to stop by here for lunch if I could when visiting.  The only thing I wish they had was some outdoor seating under their covered entryway during the cool times of the year.  There's a very small seating area inside, but I think most customers take out anyways (I usually do), so it's really no big deal.  I will never stop going to this place, I love the people and the food, maybe in that order!
I've been a regular at this market for about 4 years.  They have the best sandwiches in the area, high quality and right-priced.  In my opinion, they beat, not only in taste, but value against ALL their competitors.

Everyone that works there is super friendly.  Its not uncommon to see neighbors in there, and somehow they keep all of our names straight :).
Went here for the first time tonight. Very cool place and the guy who helped me out was very nice. Great sandwich and didn't break the bank for something healthier than fast food. Will be back since the food was good and really nice people.
We asked locals in Gila Bend where to get lunch, and they sent us to the Texaco Station. Ribs are what its all about. The pork ribs are mesquite smoked with peppery rub. They are juicy with enough smoke and spice to enhance the pork without overpowering it. They also have ribs drenched in sauce, but we've never tried that. They also have wings and Mexican items, which are all good, but the ribs are worth a hefty detour.

There are a few tables inside the food mart, and some picnic tables outside. Takeout is the common mode.

The whole station and food mart is a sort of living tribute to the spirit of Route 66. They have about everything a traveler might want, and a few kitschy do-dads that you might not realize anyone sold these days. 

If you are in Gila Bend, there is a good chance it's because you're traveling. This is the place to stop.
Cleanest c-store in Gila Bend!  Have not tried ribs, but they look great!  Ribs in a c-store?  Yes!
OMG you have to try the green chili shredded beef burritos!! Even if we don't have to stop for gas I have to stop for one of these! They are fresh and I think are homemade. They also have many other HOT items to choose from which look yummy but I'm hooked on the burrito :)

Bathrooms are generally clean, they have fun things out in front of the store to purchase for your yard which I love to check out while there. Employee's are always nice and happy to see you.  It's a great place to stop for gas or food in Gila Bend.

Oh and when I checked in I received $.10 off per gallon of gas.. which just makes it a better place to stop!
Tried some ribs - and I agree with the other reviewers:  outstanding!
This time the ribs were pretty bad - dry and tough and tasteless and over salted and over peppered and probably a few days old.
This place is where I go whenever I am filling up the tank. It's got some of the cheapest prices in the valley. It has the unfortunate location right next to the 7-11 so you don't really see this place because the sign is small and the place is pretty dimly lit.

They also run a really great special of $5.99 for a 6-pack of coronas. 
There's not really a huge selection of snacks & drinks but what they do have is really cheap. 

But as bad as it sounds, some times I just don't want to stop there because there is ALWAYS at least on homeless person hanging around the parking lot, and dealing with it EVERY time gets old.
It's a dirty location with a foul smell of piss inside. From my short visit it's apparent their main clientele are transient.
I have witnessed many businesses rise and fall on Mill Ave. and I am hoping this one will stay.  It fills a void of needing to buy a pack of smokes, an ASU t-shirt just before game time, your lunch time 6-pack of beer or your bottle of wine on the way home to your sweetie.  And if your belly is aching you can get a gourmet dog to fill your appetite.  It's open early enough all week and stays open late enough to catch the drunken weekend crowd. w00t! Make sure to check it out.... hidden right by the Post Office. :-)
This place is kind of perfect.  Sitting right behind the post office on Mill,  Dog 2 Go is a special hot dog stand,  dry goods, beer and wine shop hybrid.  

There's a counter if you want to eat in (it seats only two or three--this place is designed mostly for take-out) and lots of stuff to buy (Arizona State University gear, beer, wine, chips, pickles out of a jar, etc.) if you want to take out.

The styles of hot dogs are written on what appears to be a big chalk board behind the counter.  They even serve veggie dogs!--Yayyy!

With a choice between poppy or sesame seeds on your hot dog bun (sesame, obviously)--a bunch of toppings, and good deals on hot dog-drink-chip combos, Thirsty Dog 2 Go is definitely a (relatively) new favorite on Mill.

Remember that parking is free behind the building for a half hour for patrons!
I have to say I'm a fan.  Part hot dog place, part convenience store provided for a super convenient spot for a multitude of random stuff you need on the quick.

The brats were pretty good too.
I just discovered this place today and I love it! It is so cute with all its antiques and old fashioned set-up. Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious!
WOW
cannot believe this place has such a good rating!?
pourquoi??
IMO "perro sediento" is completely "meh. i've experienced better"
the prices here are, well a little ridiculous for a friggen hot dog
and while they do have a good selection of sausages and dogs, it's well a wee bit of a rip off!
i suppose we can make some allowances for them considering they're a local buisness and not a chain, and rent on mill ave must be a bitch to contend with, but still. 
C'MON
i will bump them up one star from my original 1 considering the previous factors and that they have a delicious Andouille sausage here; but i could probably buy six of them of better quality at Sprouts or Sunflower market.
I word directly around the corner from this joint and i love it.  I come in to get an inexpensive soda or chips and mostly i go there for their Cheddar Chili Dogs that are one of the best and huge.  They also sell beer and wine and other candy. Love it.

PS everyone that works there is really nice and courteous.
Quick, easy, and good! Hot Dogs shouldn't be too complicated, this place makes them that way. You can choose from a nice spread of toppings, some grilled (bacon, red peppers) some cold (pickle, pepperoncinis) and add sauces at will. They have 5 basic dogs, 4 Peaks Beer Brat, Andouille, Polish, Vienna Beef, Skinny (and Veggie). 

Getting in and out is quick, the staff is friendly and talkative. You can grab a beer there if you like as well as any number of convenience store items (condoms and whatnot). 

Great stop on the way to work, a show, or drinking around town. Cheapest meal you can get on Mill!
I was at the Post Office today in downtown Tempe, when I noticed the sign for Thirsty Dog 2 Go sticking out of the corner of the building. I looked around and didn't see a hot dog place, but soon realized that it is tucked directly behind the Post Office. After drinking a thousand or so beers last night, a hot dog sounded great, so I ventured inside. 

The first thing I noticed walking in was that they sell beer, wine, cigarettes, and a variety of snacks to consume there or to go. So in addition to being a small restaurant, they are also part convenient store, which is well, convenient. 

The second thing I noticed was all of the cool wall art:  old beer signs, an old sled, a couple of skateboards that looked like they might be the very first two skateboards ever made, and other memorabilia from way back when--very cool.

The dogs and sausages are good quality.  I just had the regular hot dog, which was Vienna Beef (good stuff), but they also sell Italian andoulli, brats, polish sausage, and even veggie dogs for our vegetarian friends (we all have at least one, right?).  

They also have a wide variety of fountain drinks, slushies, and ice cream for those hot summer days.

This place is the whole package, and while it may seem a bit pricey, it is a high quality conveinent store just off of Mill Ave, so the prices are comparable to any other lunch spot in the area.
Everyone that works here is so nice! I work a block away, so usually I just stop in for gum, chips, a soda etc.
Ive been eating here for almost three years and I've never been disappointed. Not only do they have great hot dogs and service every time but they are also a convenience store. Best hot dogs in Tempe. Id choose Thirsty Dogs over Teds every time! Less wait and juicier dogs!
Went to this place the other day, and wasn't very thrilled. The people working there were very nice, but the hot dogs were a bit pricey and not good at all. I ordered the double devil dog, and my boyfriend had the brat and a double devil dog. Neither of us received jalapenos on our double devil dog, and the onions were far more on the raw side rather than grilled, like they're supposed to be. The hot dogs were dry and really not very tasty. We decided we would have been better off just going to the store and picking up a pack of ballpark hot dogs. I hate to write a negative review, but I hate going to a place and feeling like I completely wasted my money, too!
Just got back from Chicago...and I wasn't as impressed with the dogs there!!! Reid, And the rest of the crew at Thirsty Dog have spoiled me!! Best dogs around!! (breakfast burritos are pretty damn good too!)
There is a scene in the movie The Crow where a cop and a young girl are sitting late at night eating at a hot dog stand. For years I wished that something like that existed where I lived or worked. 
Thirsty Dog 2 Go is my weekly late night lunch spot. I work the night shift so finding cheap and quick food at night is a tall order. Thirsty Dog has a big selection of drinks (although sadly our local laws do not allow the alcoholic ones to be consumed within) and of course a variety of tube shaped meats to put in your mouth. Slide up to the little lunch counter, order up your meal and enjoy a conversation with any one of the really nice guys who work there. There is also a decent TV to watch sports or Sons of Anarchy. It is hard to categorize this place really. It is basically a convenience store because it has candy, beer, snacks and little gifts but it has the lunch counter so it is kind of a cafe too. Either way if you are in the Mill Ave area and want a good dog give them a try. You will probably see me there.
This place has very tasty food and a good little atmosphere, as well as stocked with good beer.HOWEVER I think it is a little over priced for a hot dog and beer joint. Also it is lacking in proper seating. Could be a lot more enjoyable with more atmosphere. If you don't mind paying a little extra and finding your own place to eat, then by all means enjoy these delicious hot dogs and (overpriced) drinks.
For a simple hotdog, it's not cheap. Not cheap for a cheap eat!

We went there as we were at the Tempe Festival last Sunday and won a coupon with one dollar off a Fat Dog, which is the $3.95 Vienna Sausage OR off any combo.

The owner of the store chose to interpret this card as COMBO ONLY.  That's cheating.  If you saw how many cards he had stacked up near the counter during the three day event of the Tempe festival, how many others were ripped off?

For those of us watching our pennies, it's not good customer service.  Cheap eat or not, I won't be back there no matter how much I love "Vienna dogs."  

I do know what OR means.
Open when you need something to be open.

Friendly staff who are happy to be there.

Delicious breakfast burrito and creative yummy hot dogs.

Be adventurous, let the cook pick and you won't be disappointed.
This just popped up on the sidebar of places I've checked in at and have yet to review, and now I'm pretty sure I'm going to go get me a hotdog from Thirsty Dog.

Located in a convenience store, this little bar hosts some of the most magical ingredients ever tasted in regards to hot dogs. I'm genuinely not skilled enough to write a review of just how delicious these dogs are, and for that, I apologize. But just know that they are really, really delicious. All of them. Every combination of everything. So. Good.

I also love how they are open so late. I'm a night owl, so it's nice when a place is open when I need it most.

The fact that it's located in a convenience store does take it down a star, only because  it's a little bit awkward to fit in such a small area and eat while the bartender (dogtender?) tries to look past you to see the TV behind you. Worth it, though, to get a taste of those delicious dogs.

4.49 stars from this girl!
Very convenient and the staff is awesome. If you're a fan of hot dogs they are quite good and there are lots to choose from.
vary good dogs little high on the price but still good food.
Definitely a good place to go when I am down the street at World of Beer. They no longer deliver there, but it is a short walk down the block. Good selection of beer in the cooler. I always get it to go, but they do have some seating. My favorite is the Southern Slawdog, but the Chicago and the coney are both good too. Really, I would try anything here. Always good service, quick, and descent priced.
Quick, affordable and yummy. Thirsty Dog rocks! It's perfect for days when you need lunch and don't have much time. 

I have been here many times for the convenience store aspect to buy a pack of gum or a Redbull, but the other day I had a hot dog. Ahhhh!

First of all, there are many choices so I need to stop in more often! I loaded my dog with ketchup, tomato and a pickle. I could tell this was a quality hot dog. Some other brands taste cheap and make you wonder just what you are eating, but there's no reason to be suspicious of these dogs! 

So, how do you top your dog?


P.S. They have funny bumper stickers for free!
Anyone who gives this a low rating has nothing better to do... It has good, quick service with good people working. Stop being cheap a$$e$ people.
Major plus for being the closest place to Tempe Mission Palms to sell beer to go.  Literally a half a block away!  

I also tried their Chicago Dog - fresh tomatoes, sport peppers, relish, pickle, mustard, and celery salt.  All for $4.00.  A+
Huge, awesome hot dogs. All the toppings are delicious and they definitely load you up with them. The Chicago dog is great.. Just the right amount of spice. Also offer a great beer selection. Will definitely return for a 6 pack of Kiltlifter and a hot dog.
Had to grab me one of those golden bear lemonade with mango az iced tea. However it's not 99 cents which is super lame.. Also had the 4 peaks beer sausage with sauerkraut and onions. It was tossed on the grill and came out  delicious. Definitely will be back!! 4 stars for not having standard 99 cent az iced teas all around
Santangeli is pretty much the perfect corner shop - it's not such a big place, but it's deceptively capacious. They've got something of everything - not necessarily a great choice of each product, but everything they have is good quality. Their specialist areas include organic and vegetarian goods, the deli and the off license. There's always a great range of beers in the fridge, and some offers that rival any Oddbins or Tesco.


 The deli is also a thing of joy - there's usually a select range of ready made sandwiches in the fridge nearer the door, but take a roll from the baskets to the deli counter at the back and they'll fill it with anything from the deli, for a very reasonable price (depending on the size of roll and the number of fillings.) There's also fresh coffee, tea and soup available from the deli counter.


 Quality doesn't come particularly cheap, but it's not overpriced at all either - it certainly compares favourably to Peckhams, which has a similar range and style. The staff are always friendly, and many treat every customer as if they are a regular.


 It would be expensive to do your weekly shopping here, but if you need a few bits and bobs, or something special, it never disappoints.
Whenever I'm over in Polwarth, I usually have to pop into Santangeli's for something. It's a great neighbourhood shop and a cut above most other local convenience stores. The clever owner has realised that people want more than just fags, loo roll and super noodles available on their doorstep: they also want hummus, charcuterie and Green & Black's. There's a deli counter which makes up sandwiches and serves fresh coffee too, I don't rate either of these offerings particularly highly, but it's nice that they try; I am normally tempted by this section of the shop when I am horrendously hungover, so perhaps my taste buds are not to be trusted...

To sum up Santangeli's it's basically just Margiotta, but for people who live in Polwarth.
This is a shop that makes its money out of its location, it would never survive if it was on a high street as it would not be able to compete with the 'big boys' like Tesco's and Sansbury's as its prices are just too expensive. 
However, if you live in the Polwarth area, there is no big supermarket in short walking distance and so Santangeli are able to attract the local residents. The shop does actually have quite a surprisingly broad range of products in it and will be no doubt of huge convenience to thoise who live in the local area. 
As Emma correctly says, it is exactly like the Margiotta shops that you find in central Edinburgh, but without the annoying classical music that they play and a greater range of products.
I like helping out the local guy, the family I recognize working at the same shop. I get this family run business feeling when I'm in Santangeli's. 

Why its better than other local guys
1. It's got a bit of an organic section 
2. Got better quality products than most corner stores
3. Good range of beer
4. Good baking supplies 
5. Can make cheap sandwiches around the back that are quite good!  

end.
Oh, I love Santangeli's. Mark Santangeli (the owner) worked for Margiotta, so anyone who knows Margiotta's range and customers base will feel right at home here. Santangeli's have pretty much everything an Edinburgh foodie could want from a local shop: Findlater's pies and pates, a great range of herbs and spices, wines, good chocolates - the list goes on. They have a wide range of veggie options - lots of choice of olives, hummous, vine leaves, etc. This is a brilliant little deli, and I'm delighted to have such a well-stocked place as my local corner shop.
Yet another place I have lived by for 2 years but only just found out about!! The outside is very un-advertising & to be honest I thought it was some sort of bank until I went up close to it!! their selection is awesome... loads of stuff for vegetarians/vegans which is unusual for most local style shops. They have lovely healthy options, meaning just because I don't have any food in the house I don't have to have supernoodles & crisps for dinner!! slightly pricey but as to be expect from the quality/high brand products they are selling. The staff are always friendly too!
My new local deli provider :)

Fresh croissants and pain au chocolat in the mornign have made this an instant hit for me sinc emoving to polwarth. The fact the sell schnapple was just a happy bonus!

Could do with some more meats on sale but for a local option its great! :)
This is a great local shop. They stock a wide range of goods and brands that aren't on offer in your average local. Their cheese selection is especially good, although fruit and veg can be a bit sparse sometimes. It can be a little expensive but you can often find good deals in the reduced to clear section. The noticeboard and services like signing for packages for people who aren't around during the day give the shop a community feel which is refreshing.
Worth supporting even if it is a little pricier than the chains.
The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how beautiful the resort is has nothing to do with how impressed I was with Crave.

What are you craving at the moment?  Perhaps a cup of coffee?  a scoop of gelato?  an empanada? gourmet pastry?  homemade tomato soup?  perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese,  grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fresh fruit? Diet Coke?

Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all!

In addition to pretty much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely friendly staff and offers limited seating (in and outside) with gorgeous views of Camelback mountain.

After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious!  I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time.
This is such a cool cafe, with tiny wine tastings, GR8 little gifts, coffee & snacks.  Since there is nothing quite like it for miles, it's a great ride on the (motor) bike for us.  Both staff members we very nice, even though it was very late & i think they wanted to close, but tried hard not to indicate that.  Try their yummy gelato samples :-)

Nice little find, and make sure to ck out the gorgeous grounds of this amazing resort - W O W.
Inha the coffee once and before i new it I was having the coffee almost every day. I even bought a bag of grinds to bring home for the days I couldn't make it on. This place brings a whole new name to meaning of a Cafe.
Unbelievable sipping chocolate, try for yourself the homemade gelato that is made daily.  Also there is "Yappy Hour" every Thursday where you can bring in your dog and get discounts on items for both youand your pet.
One of my least favorite things about staying in hotels is that their to-go or quick-service breakfast options usually suck. The breakfast options usually consist of Starbucks-brand coffee, some generic pastries and maybe a pre-prepared breakfast sandwich or two. Since I don't eat meat, I'm usually stuck with an over-sugared pastry. By mid-morning, I'm crashing and I don't have the protein I need to recover from the night before :)

Enter Crave Cafe with a game-changing approach to hotel breakfast. I'm staying at the Montelucia this weekend for my husband's law firm event, and the wine was free-flowing last night. Needless to say, I woke up craving a breakfast burrito and in need of serious caffeine. 

Crave did the trick, with a pre-made breakfast burrito that was actually vegetarian! It was tasty, with perfectly cooked eggs, some winter veggies including squash and a bit of real cheese. To top it all off, it was only $3.99, practical highway robbery for a hotel spot. I also scored an iced Americano with perfectly brewed espresso and a to-go water with a cup and straw (I love when places make it easy to get water). I was impressed by the friendly staff and the other food options, including bottles of wine and, yes, delicious sugary looking pastries :) Hey, I didn't say I was against the sweets, did I? I just know I like to have a solid, protein-packed breakfast, and I was impressed by Crave's ability to fulfill that desire.
Tasty coffee and food.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Cute shop with nice little items and snacks.  The atmosphere inside and out was perfect.  I had coffee in front of their outdoor fireplace every morning.  NICE!!
Right when we thought, "uh oh, we are going drop a ton of cash on food and drinks," we found this little cafe/convenient shop.  They have quite the selection of wine and a fairly large wine fridge to boot.  Prices were very reasonable especially considering we were at a very nice resort.  In fact everything at Crave was reasonable and not just cheap.  Everything we had was fantastic.  Lattes were perfectly made.  Pastries, empanadas and some breakfast pyramids stuffed with egg, cheese, bacon and sausage made me shake off the occasional hangover and hop out of bed every morning.  The breakfast pyramid was easily one of the best breakfast items I've ever had.

The staff was all very polite and helpful.
We were staying at the Montelucia and needed a quick fix for lunch after hiking Camelback, so we grabbed some sammiches from Crave.  I ordered my turkey cranberry cold, though I should've gone toasted, because wow, that bread was like hard tack I'm telling you.  The whole sandwich itself was kind of bland, as well.  I also had a bite of my friend's ham/cheese empanada - the crust was limp.  Ewww.  One thing I did enjoy was the gelato, though it, too,  wasn't jump-for-joy delicious.
It's a cafe on a resort, so you figure you're about to drop major amounts of dough on average tasting food, right? Happily, here it's not *that* bad. 

I got to order 3 different things from here. The Java Chip blended coffee (possibly actually called a frappe) was.. good, but not $5 good. Starbucks offers better quality, and premade mix, for less. 

The second thing I ordered was a scoop of rose water gelato and a scoop of mango peach gelato during half price gelato. Much better. The gelato was smooth, rich, and very freshly flavored. 

Finally I had a feta cheese and spinach empanada. This was also very good, the feta being subtle and the empanada having ample amounts of spinach baked in a perfectly crusty bread.

Overall, good quality food, OK quality drink, decent value for your money.
I perfect cafe for the hotel guests. Gelato samples, solid breakfast burritos and your usual Starbucks. The seating needs work but you can always hang in the resort grounds for that. 

Loved the empanadas...perfect snack.
stayed in Montelucia for our wedding anniversary getaway.
I love that there is a small cafe like this.

Their coffee were pretty good.
Empanadas were awesome!  the egg/ham ones were good quick breakfast.

service was good too!
Love this place...delicious Italian sodas (made the right way) and afternoon gelato happy hour - what's not to love?
Empanadas here are fantastic! They are delicious gourmet bites and have a nice authentic nod to their Spanish inspired origins. At less than $5 an empanada I was surprised to find a tasty affordable gourmet to-go treat to begin my busy morning with at the fancy $$$$ Montelucia.
This place is a little gem, but very pricey for most if not all items.
Great spot for coffee or tea in the morning. Very interesting choices. Very nice help. Lots of souvenir items too.
Friendly staff and nice options for breakfast and quick lunch. I ordered a soy chai latte that was delicious! The clothing and other gifts in the store are quite pricey but to be expected from a resort.
Convenience wins you a lot of favor in my book. If I can get to a business by walking, biking or stopping on my way home from work or school, it gets big points.

On that note, Uno Stop is about as convenient as it gets for me. Trying to put that aside, I really like and appreciate this new business in the neighborhood. They took over a very large building and have a laundromat, convenience store and even serve some food.

I have yet to do my laundry there, but I have stopped often for Redbulls, packs of gum and a box of cereal and have been greeted with friendly service and reasonable prices.

What I like the most about this place is their teriyaki bowls. They serve a smattering of Japanese food, but their teriyaki bowls steal the show. I always get mine with tofu, but you can also opt for beef or chicken. I've heard good reviews on the meat versions from friends. You can also choose from sticky white rice and protein rice, both are extremely tasty. The best part (other than the delicious sauce) is that they are UNDER FOUR BUCKS. I mean, srsly? Where can you eat something relatively healthy for that much anymore?

The guys that run it are always super friendly, so if you're in the area by all means- give them a try. Plus, if you need a good laundry mat the whole place is brand new, so I have to imagine the washing machines are all probably pretty sweet.
It's nice to have a beer while you wait for your laundry to wash. $2.00 for 16 oz draft or 12 oz domestic bottle and edamame for $1.59!
This place has a new name. The new owners don't sell alcohol. I'm not sure what food they serve. It's an Indian market now. The laundromat side doesn't appear to be manned and it doesn't look like they offer any services other than coin op. I think they still have wi-fi. It was clean and the washers worked. The Indian market also has a nice variety.
This is a Sinclair Gas Station and Convenience Store that has a full service deli inside. They have great food, and have excellent service. I regularly order take out in advance for large meetings. Thank you Lisa for great service.
They make food here! Yes it's a deli inside they also sale beer. They provide you with great staff who will educate you on meats and cheese if you have never had them. It's a nice little spot to stop in and get gas and also coffee or cups of Ice and we all know I love Ice. I give it five stars total.
I've been to this location several times.  At least 3 out of 4 visits I walk out with a smile due to the customer service and friendly employees. Great job!
I really enjoy coming to the commisarry...on non pay day weeks. DECA raises prices around the 1 and 15,take notice and you'll see! However,the produce is always fresh and meat is really affordable here.  You can often find me swooping in for my lunch when I don't feel like packing a lunch! 


Return factor: for sure!
This commissary has been in my family's rotation for quite sometime. I have seen it change a lot as well. I even used to frequent it before it changed locations on the base. 

Overall you'll be able to find your necessities here, along with a few specialty items you may need for that special dish you'll be making during your work week. The spacious commissary offers wide aisles for numerous people to be milling their ways through their shopping trips. Of course, the commissary is known to me for doing my monthly shopping, so I need plenty of space and time to get all my groceries.

The produce section is quite large and they sometimes bring in fruits and veggies that aren't so run-of-the-mill. I do find their bakery section to be disappointing sometimes, as I have tried to look for fresh pita bread here once and they did not have any. However, next to the bakery is a great place to pick up a sandwich or a sub, they make very good ones there and you'll find the service members often here on lunch breaks getting a sandwich. There is also a sushi place, which I have yet to try, but my husband says it is good. I'll take his word for it, for now.

Since the renovation they have added "fast" and "self checkout" lanes, which is quite nice. But since I'm normally here buying a whole basket full of food, I rarely use them.

Cashiers are typically very nice and the baggers are too. Don't forget to bring a tip if they're helping you out to your car!
There muffins are awesome!  Banana nut is my favorite!
This is still our go-to place for groceries even though we own a Costco membership for years. We've compared prices from meats to produce to basic household items and the commissary prices are very competitive (not to mention tax-free). The produce aisle are always full with fresh vegetables, which may not always be the case in other commissaries, so Nellis definitely ranks high in my list (other top-quality commissaries include NAS San Diego and Travis AFB). However, we still go to Costco for fruits as they usually have better berries, apples, and grapes. 

Their "international" aisle is limited but occasionally I would find good finds, such as on New Year's eve, I was ecstatic to score a gelatinous rice flour mix so we can make "palitaw" (traditional Filipino food that should be cooked when the clock strikes midnight). 

The cashiers and baggers are helpful and warm. I also just want to reiterate that the baggers in all commissaries ONLY work for tips as they are not salaried employees, so please make sure you give them a few bucks when they help you take your groceries to your car.
I enjoy going to the commissary for many reasons, which have changed over the past 4 years that I have been going.  Recently, I have thoroughly enjoyed the fact that they have gotten in a decent assortment of gluten free items.  Its nice to be able to go and find some staple items for my strict GF diet and not have to go all over town and pay higher prices.  I enjoy spending my money on my base.  I'm in the commissary at least 2 times a week and the employees there know who I am .  I am loyal to them and they hopefully appreciate it.  It will be sad when the day comes that we PCS, but in the meantime, I will continue to enjoy my Nellis Commissary
I like coming here to do grocery shopping once a week, it's pretty cheap as far as a lot of brand items go compared to other grocery stores and walmart, and it let's me get gas and do a bunch of things on base. I've been going to the Commissary since I was a little child and has been usually the main source of groceries for my family for many many years now. 

I do however recommend keeping look outs for sales out in town though, when that happens, it turns out to be a lot cheaper shopping their than the Commissary for that purpose. 

There is a 5% surcharge on all grocery, including food and non-food items. I know out in town you don't get charged taxes on food items, but non-food you do. So really you need to watch out for the prices of things. I shop everywhere, but when it comes to Pet food, non-food items, and produce I generally shop at the Commissary because it's a LOT cheaper.
Always slur unsurpassed.  24 pack of Pepsi $3.
I love the commissary! Especially when they have their white tent sidewalk sales! Seriously, you can't complain about cheaper prices and tax free shopping!(although there is a minor surcharge that's nowhere close to paying tax) They're always fully restocked every morning (the best time to shop!). 

My only mehhhh is that the self checkout is really slow when it comes to coupons, like a minute processing time per coupon! So when people go through with coupons, it really backs up the wait time for those in line.
You can't beat some of the deals at the Commissary - so much lower than off-base.  Maybe not exactly the selection of  other major grocery store chains, but it's definitely worth it, and they aren't missing much. Lots of fresh produce, seasonal stuff - they've got it covered!  Plus, they're definitely keeping up with technology, as they even have self-scan.

And where else can you get a pink Nellis tshirt for $7  Oh yeah.
Good selection, great prices.  Very happy to see they are getting larger organic sections, and now have (from time to time) organic ground beef.  That saves me a trip to Trader Joe's!

Baggers could use some training....they make the bags WAY too heavy, even when you ask them not to.  We use nothing but those green zippered insulated bags sold there, and once when I got home, I found (yes in one bag):  5 lb bag of flour; 10 lb bag of sugar; one of those extra large containers of coffeemate creamer, and a large bottle of Ocean Spray juice.  IN ONE BAG!  They also put things together that shouldn't be.  When I got home another time, I had a bag that had a bottle of Simply Orange juice that had been sitting on a box of Dove ice cream bars.....guess what happened to the ice cream bars....yep - crushed.  I don't understand it.  We are there on a pretty much weekly basis, and always tip $5.  What gives?

I won't let the bagger situation sway my rating for the Commissary itself.  I think it's nice and clean, with good selection and great prices.  (Now if only they would do away with that gal on the weekends who always has a special "at the back of aisle 17" LOL ... those of you who shop on the weekends know what I mean!!)
Great selection for food shopping here! And the prices are unbeatable! I get my organic fruits, salads, grass-fed gr. beef, coconut water, fresh herbs, organic brown eggs, cheeses from 'round the world, hummus, fresh-baked artisan bread,Irish butter, Greek yogurt, etc etc etc, all at this commissary. Now, if they'd only bring back the organic goat milk & some real New Mexico green chile stuff, I'd pop that 5th star right in! ;-)
Good selection, great prices...
More and more healthy choices, gluten free, organic, low carb... Ect.

Outstanding deli!
Love the prices and selection. Healthy choices also, and very convenient for us.