Oh man this hit the spot on a hot day in Vegas.

I had the Banana, Whipped Cream and Ice Cream Crepe.  It had a tiny bit of chocolate syrup and I asked for a few almonds.

Pure heaven.

I just wish they had more options to put in the crepes.
Wow...what a great treat.  This place is cool.  I wish they had more locations.
Nice, large, soft crepes. I got the strawberry, whipped cream and cheesecake crepe.  They put the cheesecake in the microwave to heat it up but it was still cold and hard when I ate it. To be honest, there was too much cheesecake but the crepe itself was pretty decent.
I don't know what to say about the other reviews. When I went here I had gotten a chocolate, strawberry, whipped cream crepe. It was so delicious. The perfect treat after a long day of shopping and walking.
This place seems to have left the reviewers unsatisfied! Seriously, they mob up expecting a gourmet crepe as if they copped it from a cute creperie in paris about to watch the sunset on a romantic cruise down the seine river...

It's a food court stop...at a mall... in the middle of the desert. 

These things are loaded w/ice cream, strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, sprinkled w/ power sugar n drizzled with chocolate. A sweet dessert infused with calories. It's ok, you've already lost the weight battle back at the bar, the buffet, room service... w/ that overpriced box of stale cookies at the mini bar that everyone warned you not to touch because the room will charge you...*whispers* It has sensors.

I finished the whole thing with no regards to the many nights spent at the gym trying to get a bombacious bikini body.

Your Homegirl,
Violy
I was craving something sweet so my daughter and I opted for a crepe. Now I wasn't expecting anything super exceptional. The crepe was ok and in the end a little too sweet but then again that was my fault because I ordered something with apples, whipped cream, and ice cream. I had to tell the cook to go easy on the ice cream. Customer service was substandard but then again what do I expect? Not many options at the Fashion Show Mall Food Court to choose from any way. Overall not my cup of tea.
This store is situated inside the Fashion Show food court. This place has actually been around for quite sometime. While this is a Japanese franchise, the presentation of the crepe is French- style. I ordered just a plain crepe, it smelled yummy. The girl who took our order twirled the crepe perfectly. It has a faint vanilla taste which was wonderful, I only wish it could've been sweeter. Crazy Crepes offer an assortment of crepes done with fresh fruit, custard or just whipped crepe & syrup, and crepes with salad and deli meat inside!
For a mall food court option I have to say Crazy Crepes is pretty good. I like them. I mean they must be doing something right to keep a business going in a place that must have exorbitant rent.

I like my crepes with ice cream, Nutella, chocolate sauce and whipped cream. It's very sweet. It's supposed to be very sweet. I think I may have been here over a half dozen times in the last year. I usually get the same thing. I think my bf has tried ever other sweet concoction they have on the menu. Every one of them was a hit but I think he liked the Nutella and bananas the most.

As for the service, I really couldn't say. It's food court restaurant in a mall. The cashier takes my order and my crepe gets delivered. Their attitude may not be the "most bubbly smiley" service ever but I don't think I've ever experienced any rudeness.
The goods:  Never had a crepe that wasn't for breakfast.  Delicious.  Strawberries, chocolate syrup, ice cream and whipped cream.  It was my little slice of heaven for the day.
They have a wide selection of dessert crepes in the food court of the shopping center.  We ordered the Strawberry-banana custard.  It was large enough to share but small enough to eat alone if you want to indulge.  The batter was good and overall perfectly warm and powdered, drizzled with chocolate sauce.  I really wanted to try the blueberry or strawberry rare cheesecakes ones too...  :-(   If you're shopping or grab a bite in the food court make sure to try out this place.
This is by far one of the best crepes that I've had and I think it's a decent price. I always go for the strawberry banana whipped cream and add nutella. The crepe texture is exactly how I like it...not too eggy, not to crispy...a nice light crepe cooked well with a little bit of stretch to encase all of the filling. The strawberries and bananas are always fresh and they never skimp on the fruit, whipped cream or nutella, which is a huge plus in my book.

I was between a 4 and a 5 on this one. My only gripe is that it always takes forever and a half for them to complete my order. But you can place your order for your crepe and order your actual food and come back to find it ready for you to pick up. :) I guess that's the good thing about it being a part of the food court at Fashion Show Mall. Now leave me in peace as I savor what's left of my delicious crepe!
Owned by a nice and friendly korean lady, Crazy Crepes spits out some good tender and fluffy crepes.  The boo and i got the banana creme pie crepe, which came with whipped cream, bananas, caramel sauce and a scoop of cookies and cream ice cream.  The combination worked extremely well.  I didn't expect a food court shop to make good crepes but i was surprised.  I will definately go back to Crazy Crepes located in the Fashion Show Mall when i return to sin city.
I really shouldn't have expected much, but here is my review anyway.  Coming from SF, where there are creperies everywhere, I guess that I've just been spoiled by good crepes- and Crazy Crepes just didn't cut it.

The crepe was soggy, the fillings were meager, and overall, just "meh."  I had the strawberry custard with chocolate and it did not satisfy my dessert craving.  At just about $6, it's not really a deal either.

Notes:
-They serve milk tea also.
I went here because I haven't had a crepe in a while and I had a craving for it. I gave it 3 stars because the crepe I got was not as crispy as I would like it. Instead, it was kind of soggy, but it was still edible. They have all kinds of choices, but if you order something not on the menu, they charge extra. For instance, I ordered a strawberry nutella crepe, but they charged my an extra dollar since that wasn't a menu choice and so the strawberries was considered an add-on. The funny part was they had a similar item called strawberry and chocolate cream, but I wanted nutella haha. Anyways, a good place to go to for a snack that will fill you up.
Saw this and was immediately excited to try it!

I told them i didnt exactly see what i wanted on the menu but i would tell them what i wanted and hopefully they could make it for me. I really didnt care how much it cost, just give me the goods baby.

Well, they got the order wrong. I asked for a crepe with banana, nutella, chocolate syrup and extra whip. What did i get? A soggy crepe, with banana, nutella and no chocolae syrup. Booo. What a disappointment, especially for 7 bucks. I asked where the whip was and they said that was extra, ummmmm okay. So i asked if they could add it quickly and i would pay. 

The kicker, I would have to go to the end of the line and pay. There was no way i was going to wait behind 3 people for whip for 75 cents. never again.
So good!
I ordered the caramel banana crepe. It was delish after I scooped out a good amount of whipped cream. I'm wondering if I would have paid less if I asked for less way less whipped cream..
I really enjoyed the banana strawberry crepe with cookies and cream ice cream super good and huge! :) their menu selection is good and Is great for a sweet tooth!
Savory crepe selection was tiny and my smoothie ended up being a slushie. Better crepes elsewhere.
There are two Jave Coast cafes in the Flamingo Hotel. The one near the strip has smoothies, pastries, coffee, yogurt etc.

The cafe nearer the monorail has the line for the crepes. But it's not worth it. They're freshly made, but the confiture is soooo sweet it's not really enjoyable. May be it was choice, but the rasberry crepe is crap. The strawberry one is a bit better. But, not even a coffee helped wash that down.

If you must have a crepe I recommend the banana one as the bananas looked delicious, but again they're caramelized so it may be crazy sweet. Yuck!
A good place to grab a quick bite or snack and coffee at Caezar's Palace.

I had a delicious (and large) chocolate chip cookie with a 16 oz. mocha iced drink.  Both were sweet and good. Seating was in the main Food Court area, but plenty of spaces to just relax after walking around the Strip. Good spot to sit by the bar seats so you can people watch while you chill here. 

Friendly service.
After a long drive to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, due to traffic, I felt a sudden sensation to sleep. Wait, sleep when I just go to VEGAS!? That was definitely not an option for me :). As I was waiting to be checked-in to the Bally's Hotel & Casino, I decided that a cappuccino would help me give me a pick-me-up to start the night right. I ordered a small cappuccino (12 oz) for about $3.50. The espresso was pretty good, it was not bitter and did  not  taste like Starbucks' burnt up coffee, and the milk was nice and foamy (thus, proper steaming temperature was applied). 

The barista that took my order was very perky and did a wonderful job doing my latte.The best thing about this place is that it's not too expensive, open 24-hrs, has quick service and offers an assorted of baked goods and drinks (from lattes, to smoothies, to juices, drip coffee and decaf coffees) to give you enough sugar and energy to keep you going well through the day and night!
Expensive. But no other choice without venturing outside of the hotel.
We stopped here to quickly satisfy my gelato cravings while running to the Bellagio Fountain show.  I've had tons of gelato in the past, and I have to say--this place left me hanging.

I don't know exactly what was wrong.  Maybe the flavors were off, maybe the service was just crappy?  The staff members seemed completely bored and did not want to help us.  No offers of samples or any sign of courtesy at all.  It was very mehhhhhh.

And to piss me off even more, there was another damn gelato stand RIGHT next to the Bellagio exit.  WTF.
When you have to have that caffeine hit, this is the place to go!  The coffee was great and served quickly.  For those coffee needs... go here.
A passable Starbucks alternative within Bally's.  Not much more to it- decent enough coffee, and a wide variety of pastries as well as Krispy Kreme donuts! Prices are adequate.  I wouldn't go out of my way for this place, at the same time the quality was good enough not to send me out of my way looking for a Starbucks!
Java Coast Cafe is the kind of cafe you go to when you're in Vegas, and you're checking into Bally's, and you really want some expensive coffee to go with your future hangover (or current hangover).

Not much to say here, it's a bit overpriced and the cups kind of suck, but it's all about location.
The alternative to Starbucks at Caesars.  It is located in their "food court" Cypress Marketplace.  

Lots of pastries, donuts and bagels to choose from.  Plus your normal coffee menu (lattes, coffee, cappacinos,  etc...).  Plus they had ice cream. There is a big area with tables to sit.  

It is in a resort, so 2 cups of coffee and a couple bagels will put you back $18, but in a Vegas casino that is just how it is!
This is a coffee place that's not Starbucks. They're located in the food court at Caesar's, so it was a good, central place to go and hang out.

We went there for a quickie breakfast both mornings, which consisted of 2 coffees, a pastry and a bagel. It was about $20 both times, which seems super expensive for what we got.

I noticed one of the times we went there that a server was going around offering people mint's, but didn't offer us any. She just walked right by us. Thought it was weird :)
Expensive and low quality.  The latte was crap and the pastries from the pastry bin were mediocre. Felt like I was at a hospital cafe. You come here when you want a coffee but dont feel like walking to a decent place.
Located inside Caesars, Java Coast is basically just a cafe that serves coffee, lattes, pastries, and gelato.  Yes, I said gelato. I couldn't help myself and had a scoop of their Peanut Butter Gelato one evening. I thought that this was a little sweet and pricey, but totally hit the spot when you're craving dessert.  In the morning, Java Coast was our breakfast of choice because it was comped. I had a bagel and an iced Americano, while the GF had some chocolate pastry and a latte. I guess we can't complain because we both finished our breakfast.  All their bagels, breads, donuts, and pastries are in a clear bin where basically serve yourself.  Although, there's tongs for you to grab your breakfast, this isn't the most sanitized way to get breakfast. After paying for our breakfast, I noticed a few people grab their bagels, donuts, and pastries with their hands.  This place should at least have signs stating to use the tongs.  As for their prices, seemed like everything was over-priced. I guess I shouldn't complaint since our meals were comped.

Overall, I found Java Coast as "Just A-Ok".
I stopped by here yesterday with my fiance for a late afternoon pick me up before heading to a show.  The "restaurant" is located in a food court area of Caesars and other than literally having a wall of pastries, there is not much else to say about it appearance wise. After looking over the menu I decided to go with a small iced coffee since even that cost $4!  Ahh Vegas inside casinos, how though rip us off.  One nice thing was that they had actual cream for the creamer which was nice and so I added some cream to my 12 oz cup of coffee (probably 6 oz of coffee with the ice) and away I went.  It ended up being a pretty decent cup of coffee as it was strong and went well with the cream.

The bottom line for me is that I probably would not stop by here again in the future.  The coffee was good but if I have the chance, I would love to find somewhere thats a little more reasonable price-wise.  I do realize that I may not be able to do that though, especailly if I am inside a casino.
YUM!

Cafe Crepes is exactly the sort of place that websites like this are made for! It is such a hidden gem! The crepes here are as good as any I've ever had  - and I just got back from Paris! You can make your own combination from around 30 fillings, savoury or sweet and a heap of different sauces to play around with. Following a friends recommendation, I got spicy sausage, herb sauce and marscapone and I can thoroughly recommend it to you! It was really big and you watch it being made, like a posh subway!

If crepes aren't your thing (then you're weird), then they also do great bacon and egg rolls.

You'll be able to tell from the picture, but Cafe Crepes is really quite small and so sacrificed seating! But Bruntsfield is a nice place with lots of benches! Or munch on your way to work/uni. Yes you might look a bit silly, but you'll forget all about it after the first bite.
I totally agree with Emily, Cafe Crepe is definitely a hidden gem and I'm so surprised it doesn't have more reviews - it's amazing! Definitely the best crepes you'll find anywhere in Edinburgh. I love watching crepes being made, one minute their a watery gloop and the next a delicious crepe, it's like magic!

They have an amazing range and whether you're after sweet or savoury there will be something to cater for every taste bud here. I'm more of a savoury person to be honest and always struggle whether or not to go for a vegetable one or one with meat through it, it's a hard life.
It looks like a clean sweep of top scores for Cafe Crepe, as I certainly can't fault it. Tasty as crepes are, they're often surprisingly hard to find, but usually worth it.

I usually just go for a nutella-filled classic version. I feel sick by the end of it, but strangely happy.