I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool. I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers. It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd.
Been here a few times over the last 5+ years but I must be getting older or the crowd has really changed.

The music was average, some Latin pop/dance stuff.

If I was exaggerating about this next comment than I would be a pig, but it's the truth, --- there was a LOT of very large women here, all in their shinny, way too short, way too tight clothes.  Again, sorry but it was the truth.

Had a couple of drinks and left.  Didn't even go hang around the under 21 section downstairs.  Just kidding, I would never do that.
Went there with 3 friends, place was dead from 8:30-11, no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night.
ooooohhhh
haaahaaa wow
no
nope 
never again
from what I remember (and was told!!) we had a blast here!  drank and danced after a suns game for about 3 hours.  Music was great for dancing....not sure about the comments here about no alcohol on the bottom floor, but there si a full bar on the ground floor...maybe I missed a basement...but then again , I am over 21 so I wouldn't care.  Great time, will go back for another!
5 stars for the drunk females and 1 star for the place being so small! lol ;p It's 21 and over on the second floor and below it's 18+ they don't serve alcohol at the bottom.
This club is so fun especially the music. If you like reggaton kind of music that is the club to be.
My girlfriends and I were in Phoenix for a weekend away from SF and unfortunately, there weren't very many options for classier places in the area we stayed in. 

Sky Lounge was across the street from Hotel Palomar, so after dinner and a few drinks, we decided to check it out. Even with our buzz, this place was a bust! 

We had to pay $10 cover (which isn't really a big deal) to get in to a place w/c wasn't even nice (interior-wise) and had a practically empty downstairs area. However, that might be better than going upstairs with all the creepers looking to prey on drunk girls. 

Wasn't our scene, so we left after 15 minutes and $50 poorer.
$10 cover, no hats, and they steal your ID.  How is this garbage still in business???
My female best friend and I were in town for the night, road-tripping.
It seemed like a nice place inside - totally empty, but it was late and a weeknight, so I didn't think much of it. I didn't have much of a problem with drinks, or service until later that night... and that's why I'm taking the time to give this place a 1-star review.

This is a review about a certain bartender, whose name my friend and I never got, but he said he was Chinese and Colombian. 

The area seems to close down early.... even though there seemed to be a basketball game getting out. The bartender said he was closing up early, directed us to another bar (closed when we got there) hand we found a place nearby. Shortly after, the same bartender showed up at the bar, started drinking with us. I don't remember much about the conversation, except for some lies this guy was telling us, saying that he was running the bar after two weeks of working there, that he didn't live in Phoenix, he lived in New York - later, he forgot that he said that, and told us he lived in the same city in California that we did. 
By the time the bar closed, I was getting pretty sloshed, and he proceeded to invite himself to our motel room (I thought my friend invited him, and my friend thought I did), and by the time we got to my friend's car, he insisted I sit in the back seat. 
I'll skip some details here, and make a long story short:

I puked on the ride home, so I spent the rest of the night sobering up. The Chinese/Colombian guy kept pushing weed and beer on my friend (who's a lesbian, by the way) and when you're a man, you can tell when a guy is being a sleazeball and trying to get into a girl's pants. It became blatantly obvious that he was waiting for me to pass out so he could do what he wanted, and so I forced myself to stay awake. Again, I'm skipping on a lot of detail here, because Yelp really isn't the place for that.
After he had long overstayed his welcome (which was never offered in the first place), my friend went to the bathroom, and I mustered all the civility I had left to ask him to leave as nicely and non-offensively as possible. To this, he insisted that unless I reimbursed him for the pot and beer he brought (neither of which I personally imbibed) he didn't have to leave. I bit my tongue.
Shortly after, I could hear him talking about me outside when he and my friend were having a cigarette. I snapped, had to get rude with him, pulled my friend inside and slammed the door in his face. 

The point of this whole review is this:
Ladies, watch out for this sleazeball bartender. He'll try to get into your pants by the most disrespectable means.
This place is a joke.  The girls that were handling the cover wouldn't give me my money back from being in that place for only 1 min...   They weren't apologetic at all... On top of that, no one was in there.
Saturday night they had like 3 dollar AMFs.  Thats cheap.  And they had 2 dollar beers.  Thats cheap.  It was kinda dead, and the fact that the bottom floor was 18 and up, it was hard to tell if the ladies were old enough for this guy.  So i stayed on the top floor, which ended up getting me shots purchased by a group of southwest airlines flight attendants.  Seemed like a decent place.  Its right next door to 2 other clubs, and i chose this one cuz some homeless guy outside said this place had hotter chicks.
So we are from Europe and have lived in Mexico, Miami and Los Angeles. Call me crazy but isn't there ANYWHERE in Phoenix to dance. God forbid you go to Sky Lounge on a Saturday night. OMG. Downstairs is 18 and under and upstairs was pounding and I mean pounding bass with hard super hard rap and for att least 8 songs we waited for one danceable song..........nada.   Waaaah. So we left.
The staff was so RUDE! 1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Fri night. We came back about 20 min later. Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in, said we had to each pay $10. The place was ghetto and empty. We went back to Bar Smith (next door) who had much nicer staff, no cover, great drinks & drink prices, and awesome music. Sorry Sky Lounge, you suck.
I have to say just like most everyone else I was not fond of the $10 cover charge on a friday and less than an hour to close.  The other thing is it I'm new to PHX and I mentioned this to the guy out front before asking what time they close. It would of been nice of him to be have mentioned "You are new so I'll let you know our bar just closed at 2 & we are not serving any more drinks" but he didn't. 

They do have a Latin dance floor on the first floor which i liked the songs they were playing. As far as the 2nd floor its Hip-hop all the way which is nice in case you get tired its almost like 2 clubs in one.

I think I would check this place out again if i get there earlier and have someone to dance with cause every girl I saw that got asked to dance just turned every guy down no questions asked! LOL
DONT USE YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!
Bartenders will tip them self after you leave Even if you already tip them with cash!
Don't know why lots of people dislike this place for. I think it's pretty cool. I had a good time here. Upstairs gets a but crowded but beside that it's pretty good  music is really and that's what I look for.
Been here over a dozen times, had some good and some bad. Overall the place is okay with me. The 1st floor never plays any good music, 2nd floor is where it goes down! Gets pretty packed on the weekends.
This place is awesome! I usually get the VIP on the second floor. Service is always great people are always friendly and there is always something happening there! From foam parties to all dressed in white events! I would definitely recommend checking it out if you want to have an amazing time down town PHX
I've never been here personally, but from what I've heard- go here to have drinks and dance...not to eat. Too loud for dinner, and not worth the money.
Ok, I have been here personally...  If you're meeting someone for drinks it's okay.  Almost always crowded with pretentious people, the dance floor is tiny, the food is average and everything is expensive...
It depends on what you're going for. If you want that El Lay club experience, it can be fine. Italian sports cars and Porches parked in front. Big ass bouncers. Beautiful people are there. I actually had a fun time here the night I was there. I was alone and was 'adopted' by some fun people. I could not imagine having dinner here though. It's very loud. It's a dance club. The drinks are through the roof expensive. 

If you are a beautiful person or aspire to be near same, I'd tack on another star. If you're hungry, I'd probably take one off.
I'm a bit ambivalent on Barcelona - an upscale LA/Miami style dance palace.  I've had great times dancing and enjoying the company I was with.  Only drank and danced here, but hear the restaurant is overpriced and not that great.  But for drinking and dancing it is a 3.5 stars.  The pretty people and their wannabes are in full effect - so it's not for everyone.

It might even be worth it for the spectacle of it all - both the massive size of the place, and for the comical people-watching.  It's good for some chuckles, at least!
Oh, blessed Scottsdale. If only ye were as slick as ye has imagined. Therein lies the problem with Barcelona and her patrons.

I've long heard this place was THE place to see and be seen in Scottsdale. I knew that wasn't true and had no plans ever to go there. But a birthday party for a fine young man fueled my trip on a Saturday night.

Thankfully, we arrived shortly before 10 p.m. --- ahead of many of the plastic millionaires and their shiny chariots. Being the lame, tongue and knuckle dragging fools we are, of course, men had to shell out $10 while women were spared. Once inside, we could see where it was all heading.

It's an older crowd at Barcelona than, say, whatever club on Mill Avenue in Tempe. But that's not to say they are grown-ups. In fact, it is a lot more like high school than anything else. The uncool cool people prance around while spiced up oldies make communicating with anything other than hand gestures and swirling hips worthless. The black-suited security guards talking into their sleeves every few seconds also offer a real --- if not short-lived and ultimately comical --- feel that this place is actually hip. 

In a word: Underwhelming.

Make no mistake about it, though, Barcelona is beautifully appointed. Leather chairs and sofas make for comfy private lounges for the lucky (or wealthy) few who occupy them. The sprawling patio is an excellent place on a late summer evening in Arizona. Multiple bars make for relatively speedy service. And the overall gargantuan size of the place makes the crowd seem less, well, crowded.

But alas, this is no place for me. By the looks of the joint, it's no place for diners either. Middle-aged partiers with bulging eyeballs and well- yet artificially endowed gold diggers, on the other hand, are apparently welcomed with open arms. Cha, cha, cha.
Massive Scottsdale scene - fake rich guys and plastic women.  Went here for a business meeting and we both ordered steaks which came out extremely rare and had to be sent back.  The waiter forgot other stuff and the food was mediocre at best considering the prices.  The restaurant is run very strangely ... bouncer type guys with ear piece walkie talkie things come around every 15 minutes to make sure everything is going OK ... but in a harassing way.  This place may be heaven for some, but if gaudy large scale club atmospheres with an annoying crowd ain't your thang... stay away.
Bad ass bar!  huge Club!  Very Very hip! the Decor is awesome! it had a line that wrapped around the block.  babes everywhere.  very cool crowd.  They had a hip hop group playing live, they really rocked the house, and the DJ in between sets he was was awesome.   Dance floor was gigantic!  we got a table and our own "mixologist"?!  pretty cool.  super entertaining.  Words will not do it justice, it was an experience!  I know nothing about the food here but for partying it was awesome!
This place sucked. First of all, as an out of towner- I have never seen so many old fake orange women in my life. I felt like I was in an episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County: Scottsdale Edition. I am just bitter because I came here for a joyous occasion of a wedding VIP party, but I was denied access at the door because I was wearing tennis shoes. Gimme a break, my shoes weren't some  salvation army shoes. They were quite expensive "plaid original chucks" that had character and style. They still denied me in after I complained saying I have never had a problem in LA, SF, NY, VEGAS but clearly Scottsdale I do.  

Anyways, after the $10 cover charge, they gave me a ticket for a free fish taco or something. Sick. I don't want to eat fish tacos at 11pm. This place reminded me of Cheesecake Factory after dark. Everyone is old. They don't have a DJ, instead they have a band that does bad covers of bad songs like "Wind it Up" and "Glamorous". 

Worst part? I saw old guys wearing phat farm tennis shoes and mandals. How the hell are mandals allowed at a club but trendy kicks aren't?

Avoid this place at all costs unless you want to get picked up by a lonely horny housewife of Scottsdale. The themesong to this place should be Nelly's MANEATER.
Ok, so the atmosphere is great here in terms of being upscale, but there are some negatives.

1.  Cougars on the prowl - lots of hot, old women who are on the prowl for younger guys....they are full of botox and silicone.  I guess this isn't always a negative, as it does help boost ones ego, but sometimes the way that they are desperate is sort of lame.

2.  BBQ - If you're sitting outside on the patio, prepare to smell like BBQ chicken after you are done.  I don't know who designed this, but it was pretty poor engineering.  You don't build a BBQ in the middle of the lounge, so that your patrons get smoke in their faces.

3.  Fancy Cars - Sure I love Ferrari's just as much as the next guy, but the fact that they put them in the front is sort of lame....like they're trying too hard to make themselves look uber-cool.

4.  Lounge singers - they have had the same lounge singers, singing the same songs for years.  I thought that the girl was hot, but she's more of a Monet (good from afar, but all messed up when looking up close)

All in all, I give them a 3 for entertainment value (humor).  This isn't exactly the best nightclub in the world though.
Damn, if this is not the perfect place to meet women. I read some reviews about cougars, well I like milf's. For one, for this fantasy to come true it better happen soon as, I am 36 years old, and the age I prefer to date for long term decreases by the minute. Anyway, this place has people of all ages that is what I liked best. I do wish they had a place of this caliber in the bay area then I wouldnt be single. Then, again, I never met a girl friend at a bar. Anyway, Arizona women are better than Miami. The jury is still out on Texas which most of my guy friends seem to say are the top of the states. Arizona women are amazing.  Okay, back to barcelona if you want to indoor lounge they got it, want to hang out outside got it, want to dance on the dance floor got it. Whatever type of person you are, this is a great place to go if you are the type who can make your own fun.
Barcelona is what Scottsdale is all about.  The best place to go for drinks, listen to music and people watch.  And the happy hour lasts until around 9p!  My friend and I had about 10 berrs and I think our bill was about $30.

About 10 of us went for New Year's Eve 2006 we had dinner and entry to the club for $75/pp.

I love the outdoor patio.  The staff are very polite.  Its just a fun place to go!
Four stars for the drink special (can't quite remember what it was but that's a good thing right?)

Love being outdoors and although it can be a bit trendy/cheesy, perhaps that's my elitist side coming out.  Damn me for living in a great city like SF and getting spoiled!  Being outdoors at night is nice though!
All you people who dont like Barcelona need to get over yourself, let loose, and have some fun. It's a great place to go to dinner or pop in later in the night for the live band. Perfect for big parties...had my birthday there with 50 people...they did an amazing job. Such a fun place that offers a lot of different things...restaurant, night club, and lounge.
So the guys are a little older.  What dont you people understand about free drinks?  I walked into this place on Friday night and was offered a shot of patron before I even got through the entry.  

God Bless Barcelona.  

This place has been reviewed so much so I'll stick to the basics:

Its huge.
Lots of comfortable couches/tables/standing room.
Dance floor thats really really packed.
Cover band.  Think Zowie Bowie but lame.  
OldER crowd, but not creepy-old and not too-poor-to-buy-girls-a-drink old.  
Great table/bottle/VIP service
AWESOME, spacious, asthetically pleasing, modern bathrooms with an attendant.  No lines.
No cover for girls, $10 for dudes.

In summary, aside from the really bad band (if you can even call them that, they just sig over popular music...music that I like, but the singers are so cheesy and weird it freaks me out), I loved Barcelona.  Definitely worth the 15 minute road trip north from Old Town.
Cougars are on the prowl at this north Scottsdale nightspot. You'll find women in their 40s scamming on guys who could be their sons! You'll also see the 50-year-old guys flaunting their arm candy -- a younger woman half their age! The people watching is part of the fun at this spacious dance club which features a martini lounge and supper club.

Drinks are pricey. The cover band is pretty cheesy and the singer looks as if she could be an adult star on the side. If you find yourself at Barcelona, duck into La Rouge. It's a cute martini bar where you can get away from the madness of the patio and the dance floor.
Don't quite think it's bringing sexy back....

What can't I say about this place that hasn't been said before?

Food:  they have a new chef, so apparently they heard others talking badly about the food.  I actually really enjoyed the food and our server was awesome.  Ridiculously expensive?  Yes.  Good to my tum?  Definitely.  We decided to try a little of everything so in our menu was the Seared Ahi, Chopped salad with bacon dates, Tenderloin empanadas, Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes, and sweet potato fries.

Ahi was seared perfectly.  It had a slightly spicey musky sauce with it.  Very yum unless you don't like raw-ish fish.  Bacon dates are my new favorite.  Mmmm.  Empanadas were good, but you didn't really get much of a meat flavor.  Caprese was wonderfully fresh.  Sweet potato fries....god yes.

Price per dish around $9 to $14.  You're looking at about $25 for an entree.  Drinks were relatively decent in price...but $12 for a glass of wine.  My favorite Reisling is $12 per bottle, for crying out loud.

This place is AWESOME for people watching.  Young things with massive...melons of flesh, meat-head men trying to look cool, 50+ women trying to outdo the young things, and 50+ men ogling everyone creepily.

The singers on stage were quite cheesy.  Great choice in music, but I'd much rather listen to the DJ version than a upscale karaoke.  No dude, you're NOT bringing sexy back with those aviator shades and check shirt.  And whoa...the female singer...honey, you need someone else to do your extentions.

Wierd mix of dress code:  from prom date to stained t-shirts.  Ugh.

$9 for a pack of cigs (I don't smoke, but I heard) and you can order a drink in the bathroom.  Wha?  So you can drink and pee all night long and never have to leave the room?

Funny, funny place.  I'd probably go again mainly for the abundance of people watching.  This place doesn't get more than three mainly for the cheese factor and the prices.  At least sugar daddies abound at this place.
Snotsdale at its finest! This place is a large bar/night club that was built by Danny, of Danny's car wash fame, who made millions keeping cars clean against the dust storms and monsoons of the Valley of the Sun, and needed a good place where he could go dancing with his woman. 

It actually is a restaurant, too. The food is Ok. The Paella is huge and not bad. They try real hard to make this place the chi-chi joint for the hip resort/snowbird crowd. It is huge, with several dining areas and bars, a large patio, and a small stage and decent dance floor. They usually have live music on the weekends and intersperse with Disco DJs. On weekends you have cowgirls walking around with their "shooters" holsters and shot glasses thru the 4 bars. A lot of the waitresses (not just here, but in most of Snotsdale's higher end joints) are part time ASU coeds trying to make a buck to buy more short skirts and halter tops at the mall. 

Everyone at night is pretty much trying to create an impression beyond their true reality, whether it is the young diggers or the old farts. If you are from Dallas or Calgary, you will probably like this place for its unapologetic panash for conspicouus consumption.  

The food and drinks are overpriced; the eye candy plentiful; and reality is far, far away. Bring your Cheesehead friends from Wisconsin in November and they will be impressed.
Muchas gracias to Geetah and Hank for taking little 'ol out-of-towner me to Barcelona.

Given it being a Thursday, the place was packed.  Best way to describe this place is amazing Spanish decor on a large scale.  The outdoor patio is perfect for warm days/nights and the interior is typical of Scottsdale architecture: new, modern with airplane hanger height ceilings and furnished with beautiful furniture and warm tones.

Dare I say it?  It's actually better than places in S.F.  *sniff*

I expected country bumpkins (Sorry!  My first time in Phoenix.  Had to trudge over for work.) but found a Laguna Beach/Costa Mesa atmosphere (sans the ocean) in the middle of the desert.

The crowd's friendly, male-to-female ratio balanced and we even snagged some boxing tickets from a nice guy walking around.  Does it get any better than that?

I heard Brittany and Jess head to this place when they're in town...but you may/may not want to disclose that info.

The only drawback to the Scottsdale/Phoenix scene is the distance between one venue to the next.  Imagine yourself driving through the suburbs and going to expansive strip malls (p.c. version would be lifestyle complexes) for action.  Oh, and maybe too many golf shirts walking around late at night.  Go during happy hour for the best crowd.
All I have to say is......W.....T......F?

Scene: 6 people in their early to mid 20's walks into Barcelona. Half of them from New York, the other half from San Francisco (or San Fran as the folks in Scottsdale likes to say). Their mouths have dropped and they sit in udder amazement. A band from 1994 gets up on stage and tries to get the crowd of 40 year olds going.  With every song played, the folks from separate coasts, just stand there in complete shock....and then THEY DRANK because THEY HAD TO!

This place is oh so bad! OH SO BAD!!! Go if you need a good laugh.
I'm being nice with 2 stars.  This place is overrated.  I heard this was the hot spot to hang out in Phoenix...NOT!  I was visiting from out of town and there is absolutely NOTHING special about this place.  The food was nothing to brag about and the place in general as well.
I'm gonna go four stars because after reading the reviews, you're sort of ready for what you get, and they are selling a pretty specific experience.  It's the super-be-everything-bar that is like Disneyland for adults.  We're a bar, no we're a restaurant, no we're a club, wait we're also a lounge, and did I mention we're a jazz spot?  The list goes on.  But you know, they sort of do a decent job of all of it and it's kind of crazy to see all the different sorts a joint like this attracts. (point: great people watching)

So the huge Vegas like-ness of the place make up for the not bad, but not great food and at the same time, the service was solid.  They were out of the lobster I ordered but they substituted and took care of the inconvenience.
This is a great place to dance and mingle. The band Envy plays good songs and the crowd is always pumping. Older crowd but still a lot of fun. I'm actually going there tonight, can't wait. One of my favorite nightclubs in the Valley.
Would have to agree with Rana A below... I think she said it best

Actually, I had several folks tell me this place was lousy before I went... it even fell below my already low expectations...

Given that I just left the real Barcelona (in Spain)- part of me was truly crying inside that night. OK, I gotta admit- everytime I tell someone I was just in Barcelona (the city) and they say "you mean the one in Scottsdale" there is a part of me that wants to just pack my bags and fly back...
I've only had 'good times' @ Barcelona so I have very few complaints about the joint.  There is definitely an eclectic mix of people that go there but I think that's what makes it fun.  I met an Eastern European fighter, slow danced to Sinatra with the owner of a foreign auto dealership, and encountered a funny old man who must've been about 90 that somehow got on stage to shake his groove thang with the female singer.  He later came to our table and after my friend complimented his dance moves, he blew in her ear and said "You know what that was?  I just gave you a blow job."  Whoa--LOL!

I do agree that it's strange to buy drinks in the ladies room and that some chicks seem to lounge on the couch in there, checkin out other chicks when they walked through the door.  I felt like I was bein judged before a panel, whenever I passed the couch!  And I haven't seen the cougars but have definitely come across my disproportionate share of the 'J. Howard Marshall' types.  

All in all, the only reason I can't give this place 4 stars is b/c of the outrageous drink prices.
Disclosure: I wasn't here for the nightly festivities and therefore can't rate the nightclub experience. I did not eat at the restaurant either. So I cannot rate that.

  Barcelona is aesthetically pleasing. The people who designed and decorated this place did a commendable job. We sat on the plush patio couches, puffed our cigars and had a few drinks. The service was above average. We had a great time and enjoyed being here. We left a little after the evening crowd started getting in. The clientele appeared to be a mix of men and women with an average age in the mid-40s. They were mostly well dressed and respectable looking. 

Barcelona is definitely a high end establishment and if dropping Benjamins is not your thing then this is not the place for you.
I love it.  Being new to the whole club scene in AZ,  I love it!  Its so spacious, you can hang out either outdoors and indoors (I love this the most!!),  lots of fun and good looking people and the cosmo there is yummy!  I can't wait to go here again!!
If I would rather repeatedly shoot myself in the junk with frozen paintball pellets than go to a certain bar, then you know it must have a lot going for it.
So, up until tonight, I've primarily used Yelp as a dating website. A girl thinks my picture is kinda cute. I write reviews that demonstrate I passed high school English. She writes/compliments me... I'm cocky/funny. I offer to explore downtown with her. She turns me down. I try the next girl. Same result. But the intent is always there. After this review, I doubt I'll have to worry about succeeding with any woman who ever reads this review ever again. 

So check it out. I'm a male slut. If I meet you in person and I lay my lines on you and smile in this certain way that I've discovered makes women look away and blush, you'll definitely give me your number and probably go home with me within one more encounter. That's my M.O. It works. If it ain't broke... 

I'm not altogether proud of the man I've become but I'm not going to stop either. From what I've gathered from movies and television, my life is fairly wonderful. Unless me writing about it causes some cosmic/karmic shift and I get disfigured in a car accident tomorrow and lose my mojo, I have several strong years of carousing left in me.  

Ok, all that said, I've been reading on Yelp about all the "cougars" who frequent this lovely establishment. I define a "cougar" not by age, but as a woman who knows what she wants (me). So my buddy, who's also a man about town and similarly successful in this field, and I decide that this is our new watering hole. We've been there twice in the last two weeks. Guess how many woman we've taken home or who have taken us to their homes in the last two weeks? Four. Guess how many we've given The Business to... The same four. Guess what our batting average is... .1000

Usually, I need to take a woman out one more time before The Business is exchanged. Sometimes more if she's particularly prudish. Barcelona is where The Business is the understood currency. I like The Business. So if you're reading this and you think I'm scum, I used to be you. I've "evolved." If you're reading this and you're a woman who knows what she wants, shoot me a message. And if you're reading this you think I'm lying because you didn't get laid last time you went there, I am willing to show you how. But you'd never take my advice because you don't believe me or think you'll succeed next time on your own or think I'm an ass for writing this and you don't want to meet me on principle. I don't blame you. I feel dirty. But just a little. Mostly smug.
I recently visited AZ, stayed at the JW Marriott and every single staff person I spoke to said we should party at Barcelona. It started sounding like there was some sort of arrangement between the owners. Being that I'm vegetarian, we decided that this wasn't the place for dinner. So we didn't really end up here until almost 11pm.
The music was great! I loooooooooooved it. The creepy old guys were... creepy. But the bartenders and waitresses were awesome, the drinks were nummy and i loved the outdoor area with the "cabanas." Would definitely recommend this place for partying!
This is your go-to place if you are visiting from out of town for golfing and are over 30. When I've gone I've seen more well dressed cougars looking for a dance than you could shake a stick at. However, this place isn't just for people over the hill, its fun for all ages. A fine establishment.
Plain and simple this place sucks! The food was disgusting and the waiter wasn't able to give me any details on what was on the menu. This so called high end restaurant had some stuck up hostess and waitress. I ordered a steak medium rare, I was given a burnt piece of meat. I ordered lobster bisque and was given sloppy with butter in my soup and it was the saltiest thing I've ever eaten. This place can't do food or entertainment. The entertainment was called Envy. What a joke! They can't sign but apparently every overly tanned person in Arizona think they are wonderful. No accounting for taste. If you go to Scottsdale, take a pass on this place...its overpriced. What they spent on pretty building they should have spent on training staff and getting an actual DJ! Or and they should invest in a better chef.
I must admit, I'm a tiny bit embarrassed that I LOVE this place.  When a group of us girls get together, pull out the party dresses, and break out the spray tans this is where we go!  First off, the place is huge with a large patio, so there's always somewhere to walk around and grab a drink (unlike PCL and SIX....too small and you only have room to stand there awkwardly until you've had 3 or 10 drinks).  The band, Envy, is the best thing about the place.....the 2 good looking guys and the cute girl put a ton of energy into performing top 40 stuff.   

On top of that, the people watching......wow.  There's a big age range from 20's to 50's, and yes, the cougars are on the prowl and there are creepy guys a plenty.  That's part of the entertainment!  

I haven't eaten here, so the 5 stars is definitely for a Friday or Saturday night out.
Interesting concept....dine, entertainment, dance club - all packed into one building.  Reminds me of the life style of Barcelona where first seating begins no earlier than 9 pm....visual stimulation galore, food a-ok for the one stop convenience.  
No firsthand review of the dancing portion.

Worth checking out if in Scottsdale.
I wish I could give this zero stars, in the sense that this place is not negative or positive, it just Is. Barcelona is the simultaneously the most awesome and the very worst club I've ever been to.

There's some sort of Zen shit going on in this space where I should have been having the worst time of my life, but instead I was madly in love with this bar and its motley crew of inhabitants. 

The "band" is wildly entertaining yet I also want to open up on them with a flame thrower.

The men are equal parts hot and cheesy.

The drinks are strong but taste awful.

I would go here once a month if I lived in Scottsdale, as a sort of barometer for...something. As long as I know a place like Barcelona still exists, I know that the universe still holds mysteries that I'm not ready to comprehend.

But you'd have to be fucking nuts to eat here.
Every bar I have ever walked into has had an alarmingly poor ratio of men to women (too many men and not enough women). I have often wondered if every bar has too many men, there must be one place where all of the women go. Where is that place? That question was once rhetorical. It turns out, in Scottsdale, Arizona, that place is Barcelona's. 

We were seated early in the section that is cleared out to make way for a dance floor as later in the night Zooey Boey takes the stage. We started with a few appetizers, of which my clear favorite was the macadamia nut encrusted shrimp; they were incredibly good (I do not even like macadamia nuts). The portions were more than generous for each person at the table. I had the bone-in-ribeye which came with a Bearnaise sauce on the side that was very good. They serve a molten chocolate desert that was heavenly on a soft bed of ice cream. We all left extremely full and even more satisfied with the meal. 

The place is a little pricey, but Barcelona's is easily my new "go-to" restaurant in Scottsdale. Attire is casual through professional. 

Barcelona's is located on the Greenway-Hayden Loop east of Scottsdale Road. 

I can't wait to get back.
Once in a while the girls and I will feel the need to nurture our wild hair .....and this is the place to do it!!
I'm the kind of girl that needs to dance-off a cocktail so this is the right place to get it out of my system. Barcelona has brought new meaning to 'people-watching'...over the years I have watched the growth and success of plastic surgery while frequenting Barcelona....business must be booming here!!!
I will admit that I have celebrated a few good times here in great company of my best of friends - and this place will always be our FUN hang to 'shake it'.
Get there before 10pm when the crowds start to form - you will get your warm up walking to the front entrance from where you parked your car!!...And guys....SORRY that they make you wait in a separate line around the back side!! 
Has any man ever complained about this??!!
Is it pronounced "Bath-elona" like the football club?
Mes que un Club

Trendy, flash, done.

Clearly this place does not follow the same motto as the football club.
This is pretty much a standard ho/bro spot.  Fun, but I'm not really that into it.  
Cool place in moderation.

Cheers
Until then, get the beers in...
if Michelin Guide reviewed and rated cheezy pick-up bars targeted for 30+ suburbanites, instead of fine european restaurants, barcelona would earn 'trois' stars! 
+many bars staffed with former hooters waitresses 
+live band playing the best of Wham! (sorry Wham!) 
+big dance floor 
+DJ while band is on break 
+just-right lighting so that beer goggles engage early 
+indoor and outdoors areas offering many opportunities to seek out new 'friends'
GR8 Happy Hr
Posh Interior
Amazing Outdoor Patio
Good Service
LUV Appies
Don't usually stay late, BUT eye candy all around "if" u do
Dance floor, BUSY @ wknds
Like it best @ 5/6pm venue - in or out side :-)
This used to be a really good spot, but it seems to be sliding lately. Staff is so-so, the management I have met is just slightly smarter than livestock. There are two things I can praise. They do an excellent job at being both an upscale bar AND a upscale restaurant, not many places are able to pull that off. Second is the Dj in the larger room where the band preforms, he knows whats up! And yes this place is cougar central, gentlemen watch out.
edited to add: CLOSED! GOOD!

my folks went to Barcelona for Valentine's Day and it was HORRIBLE.

First of all, they put the valet parking in the middle of the parking lot. WTF? I thought you paid for valet so you didn't have to walk!

The meal was terrible. Paella - shell bits in it. My mom got sick from the seafood, as soon as she got home she had terrible runs and felt horrible the next day.

My father likes pepper on his food. They asked for some pepper, a guy came by and gave a quick twist with the pepper grinder and BAM! he was gone.

Well he wanted more pepper so when they FINALLY flagged down the waitress, they asked for more pepper. She brought them a pepper shaker. :-(

The pepper shaker wasn't working right for my father, he could not get anything out of it, Danny himself came by and asked how things were. My father told him he couldn't get the pepper shaker to work. Danny said, "Great, I'm glad to hear it!" and left. WTF?

oh and when some apparent VIPs came in, my folks were completely ignored.

They dropped nearly $300 there! What a joke. If you want a good meal, AVOID Barcelona.
We can't stop here... This is cougar country!

Seriously, this is such a cougar's den. Not just that, but this place has the biggest infestation of douche bags. You need a gas mask just to cut through the Axe, bronzer, and fumes of hair gel that linger throughout the air. If you want a visual of what this place looks like on the weekend, take a gander at: www.hotchickswithdouchebags.com . Click it. It's a real site and it's what this place and its patrons looks like. If you model your style of dress and behavior after VH1 reality shows, drop in for a swig and some high-fives from your fellow date rapists. If not, just pray in thanks that Scottsdale is where it's at and everything you love is where it is.

There's a live band that plays and I'm not a fan, mainly because it's not my type of music. They play alot of butt rock and the like... basically stuff you'd expect a cruise ship band to have jam sessions to in about 20 years.

The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star as opposed to none (if that were an option) is that the staff is pretty good. They tend to see that everything is going good and do a good job of bringing what you've ordered on time. Lastly, I feel bad for alot of the waitresses. How they put up with a crowd that takes pointers from episodes of Rock of Love and Tool Academy, I will never know.
WARNING: COUGAR CROSSING!

If you are a young man and want to get down with an older, nice looking woman- go here.  Everyone else... don't bother!
I have actually never eaten here and from what I've heard I'm not missing out. 

I haven't noticed as many cougars here as everyone else. I tend to see more barely legal females with men who could be their fathers or grandfathers. But anyway, I always have a great time at this place. Yes, the dance floor gets extremely crowed, but the band is great!

Most of the guys here adhere to the following dress code: Spiky hair, orange tan and Ed Hardy or Affliction t-shirts.
Most of the girls here adhere to the following dress code: Spiky heels and not much else.

It's a great place to people watch.
Oh Barcelona, I visited you with low expectations - and you didn't disappoint.

A lovely young woman of my recent acquaintance invited me here recently for the purpose of attending a birthday party for a friend of hers. Neither of us would have come here otherwise. 

If you're thinking about going, don't do it. If you care for the deets, read on. If not, stop reading here and.... go somewhere else. Please. 

We show up at about 8 for drinks and dinner. I wasn't in a drinking mood, my date's Appletini was pretty Appley but the amount of liquor was tini. Must be why they call it an Appletini. Hm. Highlight was the bread brought to the table - the pretzel rolls were the highlight of the evening. How sad is that?

Now... the place is called Barcelona. Barcelona is a city in Spain. THe closest thing to a Spanish dish on the menu us Paella, otherwise it's a steakhouse menu with a few obligatory pasta dishes. Totally uninspired.

I ordered the ribeye, medium rare. It came out medium, and the glaze and whatever else they put on it were awful, save the two onion rings. I doubt this was USDA prime beef. It just wasn't that good, and the room was so dark that it was hard to see what I was eating. The shoestring fries side were a pleasant surprise - a giant mound of crispy potato. 

My date had some kind of pasta with shrimp dish. The shrimp were overdone, the pasta was, ok. Denny's pasta is OK, too, and let's face it, so is Chef Boyardee... So don't read too much into the complement. 

Barcelona. Spain. The place doesn't look that Spanish on the inside. There is a giant mural on the ceiling, dim lights, it reminds me more of Las Vegas cheese than Spain. 

While you dine, there are two Scottsdouche (or is it Douchedale?) types crooning back and forth to each other on stage. Is this where failed American Idol contestants try to relive their moment of glory? I don't know. They made a reappearance later, singing along with a DJ to a selection of bad 90's pop music with the occasional 80's party jam. 

The crowd is douchey. The food is awful and on the pricey side. The service, spotty. 

If you're coming for the thing Barcelona is famous for, you'll find a lot of it. If not, stay away. Far, far away.
Sutra no longer offers 50% off on Tuesday nights... but Barcelona does.

So, that's where we found ourselves meeting some friends tonight for dinner and drinks.

It was a beautiful evening, so we sat outside on the patio.  We went back and forth on using the heat lamps provided.  Chelsea was our server and she was sweet as can be but perhaps a tad bit on the ditzy side.  The guys seemed to admire looking at her (bustier) every time she leaned over the table, and I was nervous something was going to pop out.

Aside from that entertainment, the food was decent.  It was not amazing.  I had the chopped salad which was pretty good and big enough to share, followed by the sea bass (no surprise there) entree.  Jared had an 8 oz filet and Zack had a ribeye.  We all shared spinach and sweet potato fries as sides, and the guys each had dessert.  I didn't have any (ahem - wedding diet), but they seemed to be orgasming over the chocolate lava cake... the cheese cake and berry dessert also went over well at the table.

With the 50% off Tuesday special, this was $30 per person with tip.  For the amount of food we got, this was a deal, but had we payed full price? Not so much... 

If I return, it will be on a Tuesday night for the 1/2 off special.  Other than that, I'm not really interested.
I will say one thing about Barcelona. It is spacious, so for all the claustrophobic people out there, you'll definitely not feel like a sardine in a tin can. I love how you have your options open - if you'd like to feel the sultry summer breeze, or lack of, you can sit outside, or if you are freezing you can go to the main building, and dance your drunk ass off. Yes, the live band's slightly cheesy, but when you're inebriated, who cares? 

Caution, for cougar lovers, there are a lot prowling around, waiting to sink their claws in young meat. I've never had the opportunity to eat there, so I can't say anything in regards to food. This is definitely not for people who are going out, expecting to meet a ton of young people, and surround yourself with recent college graduates. Yes, there is diversity. I've seen young to extremely old. I've met my share of extremely weird characters, like this man who was trying to pull girls from the dance floor or the bar, to share the VIP experience with his son who was celebrating his birthday. It sort of felt like he was trying to pimp us out to his son, but that's a different story all together. 

Barcelona's is a cougar's den, and the drinks aren't satisfactory for the wallet, but I do emphasize how I love the spaciousness of this place! I suppose that's the only reason I enjoy it, anyway. I usually relax outside, and the dancing side of me doesn't come into action here. With the live band, it's hard to shake my moneymaker, anyway.
Lions and cougars and manthers! Oh my! Yep. I might as well have been on a safari....the cougars we're thick as thieves. We were here for an event and this joint was jumpin'! Thankfully, it must hold 10,000 people...it is enormous. Lots of different rooms, patios and lounges for the cougars to make their attack. I had VIP service so I can't complain about that. The food was a buffet and was actually quite good. Of course I could have eaten a dish rag and been happy as I needed something to soak up the free Patron. Yep. Free Patron. The crowd was typical for this neck of Scottsdale. Hello stereotype! Could you be any more accurate. I had fun mingling, people watching and leaving. Yep. Leaving. We made a quick escape after I was called a fag in the bathroom by some gelled up, steroided out cardboard head dude. Sorry, just cuz I tried to share a urinal with him. Jeez! What's up with that. Some people are so territorial! I'd go here again, for an event, but never, never for a night out. Adios Barcelona!
No doubt that this is Scottsdale's ultimate cougar den. I ended up here two nights in a row because it has a huge outdoor area, it's easy to move around, and hey if a cougar wants sink her teeth into me, and she hasn't escaped from a geriatric home then I wont hold it against her.
I guess I was here twice, maybe a 3rd time, but there is some fog in between the memory and me. Barcelona was praised to me as the best thing since sliced bread, Blue Martini and Star Trek together (dont have to tell you they all s...).

As I am admittedly claustrophobic I enjoyed the outdoor space majorly. The drinks were good and strong, but I dont know about the prices. I was there with a Detroit crowd (I guess all of Detroit moves to Phx) and for some reason I didnt have to pay for anything. 

Music was ok, nothing special, just the usual crowd pleasers and some people, mostly MILFS and GILFS (think about it) tried to dance. Gosh, please, white people, dont dance. I know, I am white, but there is a reason I date Latinas only! Mmm, what about if I am a woman and go there - how would I rate the guyz? - besides one really normal and nice guy who hit on one of my female friends - I would probably puke on the dance floor. 

Overall scene: douches and DDs. Nothing special at all.

Btw: While girls go out to "DANCE" with their girls, we guys do not go out to just "DANCE" with our buddies!
So..this place is cute!  Huge dance floor!  The whole place is huge! Geesh~  Fun decor and nice bartenders.  The guys there seem pretty lame though.  Cool place to get dressed up and dance.
i enjoy Barcelona.

when i moved to Scottsdale, AZ, this was he first bar i went to.  It was right down the street from where I lived (which ended up being a great location).  

all of the greatest friends i made during my year there i met here and im still in touch with today,

i normally dont get into that whole "club" scene...but i always had a blast when i was there.  

i do have to say i would never go there looking for a Mr.  if i was single.  i don't care for Scottsdale men, they are WANNABE's, drive their BMW's yet live with like 6 other roommates just so they can AFFORD that BMW.  If there was a section on Yelp about Scottsdale men, i don't think there would be enough room for my negative opinion.  this place is full of them YES.  

But like i said, the service is great, i loved my bartender James.  and i always had a BLAST when i was there.

i miss you Barcelona. xoxo
Barcelona was a great restaurant years ago and had the best paella in Scottsdale. Today, Barcelona is supposed to be a club scene, but in actuality, it's fairly empty. 

This place lost its focus and reminds me of Maestro's in the OC.