We came here for the shave ice & found out they have so much more. They sell all kinds of snacks, desserts, pupus, and even boba. I only got the chance to try the shave ice (with ice cream and azuki beans), pork hash, and poi mochi. They even have a kids table w/ toys & a tv w/ cartoons playing. I will definitely be back to try their cakes, malasadas, guri-guri, coco puffs, and boba.
The Shave Ice here is almost as good as being on the Island. Huge portions! I had to get a kid size that was plenty for me. I went for the rainbow with ice cream and the sweet milk to top it off....Mmmm. This sooo hit the spot being in the 109 degree weather. I think next time I'm goin to try the Tiger's Blood which pretty much taste like a fruity cherry icee..Oh Yeah!! 

The also have food here. I tried the breakfast with Portuguese sausage, egg & rice plate which was good. Didn't care much for the macaroni salad that came with it. They make cakes, desserts, and bento boxes as well. 

Cute family owned business. This place kept my 2yr old occupied with the toys they had available, which is a plus! Totally worth a trip here to cool you down in the Vegas heat.
If you're looking for boba, this really isn't the place. Save your money and go somewhere else because this place does not know how to make a good boba to save its life! I ordered a mango boba and it tasted horrible. My wife got a milk tea and I was thinking, "do they want her to get diabetes?" It was way too sweet like they put in creamer or something. Plus, the boba balls weren't cooked right...they're supposed to be chewy but they were ROCK HARD. no joke. Just terrible. Two drinks for $8. NOT WORTH IT! They might be good at making shaved ice but do not come here if you want good boba.
I recently went here for some malasadas when someone mentioned that they were made hot. I was not impressed. We had gotten the half plain and half filled malasadas. Most of them were still raw in the middle. I also had the strawberry guri-guri and it was good, but a little sweet.

I hope to go back to this place one day to try the other desserts like the dobash cake. I like this place and I want to give it a second chance.
Sorry Yelpers!!! But this place has been closed down for I think a year now. Her pastries were good but too expensive...The shaved ice was a great alternative to ice cream and yogurt...If this buisness opened up elsewhere please let us know...but, DON"T GO TO THIS LOCATION - IT'S CLOSED!!!
Malasadas made from scratch!! Oh so ONO!!!   Still nice and warm! They had regular ones, Caramel Chantilly, Guava and Chocolate filled!   Made to perfection! The malasadas dough is very tasty, texture light on inside and golden brown with slight crunch on the outside. The fillings are all made from scratch as well. You can taste the difference. Lots of filling oozing out so careful when you take a bite you might make a mess!  I cant make up my mind which one I like the best, they are all so good! 

This store was formerly known as Hawaiian Style Poke located in the strip mall on the  corner of Warm Springs/Arroyo Grande (across from Green Valley HS) . I found out about it  from Bread & Butter's post.  If you were there the weekend when they served 808  pastries from the islands well that pastry chef is now here!  Its just a walk in /carry out. No dine in.   I only zeroed in on the malasadas but they had slices of cakes in their case.  Also they still serve Poke, made to order.  On the weekends there will be plate lunches coming up.  Also chef said he'll be making Manapua! Service was friendly, love the Aloha spirt!
Malasadas are better than any other here in Las Vegas. Husband and I love the chocolate cream puffs. Will try more of their other desserts/ pastries/ lunches that will be prepared in their menu.
Will come more often with my family here.
"Ho!, Bread and Butter!?!?"

I point to Rudy as I step inside..."Yup!" He says....You may have reconoticed Rudy at Bread and Butter before, also a Bouchon Alumni as well as a also a local boy from Oahu as well. He was the man behind the Malassadas @Bread and Butter, and now he's off on his own adventure with the rest of his ohana.

Aside from Malassadas made to orderS($1.25 each, or 6/$7...sugar, Chantilly, Guava, or Chocolate available), 808 Island Craves, you can also pick up other local sweets-
Cocoa Puffs, Kona Coffee Mac Nut, Guava, and Dobash Cakes, poi mochi and also Poke made to order and cheaper than Poke Express, Poi, Lomi Salmon, Taegu, and other local snacks.

Rudy also has sweet BOB MARLEY beverages which aren't even on the market !?!?
One Drop-Iced Coffee
Mellow Mood-OPPOSITE of an energy drink
and Mellow Mood flavored tea...

We were on a time crunch before church, so we got some spicy ahi poke and half a dozen malassadas which was ONOLICIOUS, and gone in no time!

Future plans include plate lunches, manapua, and sprucing up the breakfast and dessert menu at Islander's Grill. Congrats to Rudy and the rest of the 808 Ohana!
We will most definitely be back!...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(290/365) "Ono Kine Grindz @ 808"
Pastries Review:  I tried both the Guava & Macadamia Nut Kona Coffee cakes. Premium quality ingredients go into these spectacular sweets! The chocolate mousse filling in the Mac Nut cake blended really well with Kona Coffee. Moist, soft and not overly sweet.

Same with the Guava cake, not overly sweet, refreshingly light! My gosh if there was a whole cake in front of me I probably wouldn't share it and eat it all!!   They also Facebook and now on twitter 808islandcraves . I was just stalking them ;) looks like they're gonna have RED VELVET Malasadas!!! Cant wait to try more Ono eats from here!
I'm big on customer service and as soon as you walk in you feel right at home. The workers are very friendly and offered a free sample of guava cake that made me a little giddy to say the least (that's an understatement - it made me a lot giddy). It was delicious and I would definitely recommend the cake for a birthday. The workers are also locals from Hawaii who came here and decided to start a business with the most common pastry commodities in Oahu and bring it to Las Vegas. 

A friend and I also tried a sample of the poi malasadas - not bad, but my favorite has to the be custard-filled ones. They were AWESOME!! The malasadas were not too greasy as many of them tend to be. The plain ones are pretty good too. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it so much, I finished most of the ones I bought that day :/ Oh well, it was that darn good!

The place is new and you can tell as they don't have very much in the store yet such as chairs and very little displayed in the refrigerator. But you are pretty much in and out of that place so, nevertheless, I would recommend those that love Hawaiian pastries to try this place.
I was actually going to give 808 Island Craves one more visit before writing a review, but I decided it's never too soon to write something good...

This store is a bit hidden. Look for a sign that say "Fresh Seafood" next to a cigar shop. Same complex across from Chick & Benny's.

The owners greeted me and helped me make my selections. You won't find a menu, I'm hoping that's in the works. They had a small display of cakes available that day. What I saw that day - Dobash, Chantilly, guava, plus poi and haupia. I do usually like looking at prices and selections off a menu, yet the owners were very helpful in letting me know what they offered. I'm hoping they'll keep progressing to make the place more customer-friendly, maybe a menu board with all their items, chairs/tables, restrooms, etc.

I took home some spicy shoyu poki,which is made-to-order. I love that, big points there! Also a couple of red velvet malasadas (one w/ chocolate) and a slice of Chantilly cake. The poki - amazing! Great balance of flavor, not too salty, perfect amount of onions, green onions, sesame seeds, shoyu, and peppers. The malasadas were OK for me. Of course the red velvet one with chocolate was good, I think I'd like them more if it had been fresh and hot. Maybe I'll request that the next time... The Chantilly cake was delicious, not too sweet, great frosting that wasn't overwhelming like most cakes. 

They told me they sell plate lunches available on the weekends, along with poi mochi. Yum! I'll be sure to be back for those. Hope to give them a 5-star update when I return...
Just one week later, I'm back here getting my Malassada fix. I picked up a red velvet with chocolate filling, one with green tea filling, and another one filled with macadamia nut cream. I also got a slice of the green tea cake, but unfortunately, Rudy's signature Guava Glazed Chicken had already sold out.

All the treats were delicious as always, and hopefully next time, I'll be able to snag an order of Rudy's specials. Future plans also include dessert items at Thelma's  and Filipino specialties like Lumpia. Thanks again to the 808 ohana for curing our cravings for some ono grindz!...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(305/365) "Hana Hou @ 808"
I stopped by on a hot Sunday afternoon, after my massage, and just when I thought the massage put me in a good mood...no no, it's the tasty cakes, delicious poke, and the unexpected guava filled malasada that was given to me, that put in in a super great mood.

The poke was pricey, but it is what the market price is.  My half pound of container filled with poke came out to $7.77.  I got the creamy sauce with a hint of sriracha, green scallions and white onions.  I would like to try the shoyu and the garlic sauce next time.  

All the cakes look so delicious, but because I am on a healthy streak, I limited myself to two only.  I got the chantilly ($4) and guava cake ($3.75).  My bf, who doesn't have a sweet tooth, kept coming back for more bites while I was enjoying the chantilly cake.   It was a moist chocolate devil cake, with two layers of custard like frosting.  It has the perfect level of sweetness (not overly sweet).  Yum yum.

The guava cake was delish.  I had that the next day prior to hitting the gym, and the cake was still so moist.  It truly tastes like guava.  Gosh, I wanna head back for more, but I can only do so on a cheat day. 

The owner is such a friendly and awesome person.  He gave me a guava malasada and that is such a nice gesture.  I totally did not expect that.  Also, it shows how detailed he is since that guava malasada choice must be due to my selection of the guava cake.  

I can't wait to go back and try other tasty cakes and a different type of poke.  Yum Yum Yum.
After having lunch and doing some errands, my wife and I stopped by to try the goodies. The store owner was already helping another person who had heard about this place on Yelp.  I think he got some poke, not sure if he got some sweets.  
Well my wife decided on a piece of guava cake and I got some cream puffs to try later on. We also picked up some pork hash. Dinner time here it comes!!
So just as we are leaving out came the malasadas. Plain and red velvet. Still full from lunch and having gotten desserts for later tonight, I just had to try a single malasadas. Got the red velvet with chat illy cream. The wife and I thought that it was so delicious.  Thank goodness that we don't live in the area because I would weigh a ton and end up with diabetes.  
The one bite alone told me that the other stuff I bought was going to be great. 

Will have to go back to the the poke and to add to this review.
LET ME START BY SAYING I DIDN'T WANT TO GIVE THIS PLACE 1 STAR

Wow....I'm from Hawaii...born and raised until I was 18....I always like to support any business from there simply because I feel like most people from Hawaii know quality is way better than quantity....but my husband and I had our third strike today with them....

STRIKE ONE: their hours say 10-6....my husband and I rolled up at around 5:35 and they were closed

STRIKE TWO: my husband decides to try again...shows up at 10am...waits until a little after 10:30am and they still don't show (no post on facebook to let anyone know how late they would be)...I post on Facebook to find out what's going on and they don't even bother to respond to me....

STRIKE THREE: my husband visited them today (7/27) after seeing their post yesterday about having malasadas, manapuas, and etc...he shows up (first they post they're gonna be late so thank goodness he saw that before he left the house) and NO MANAPUAS....I'd love to say that was the worst part of the visit...but NO...my husband buys their pork hash, hot plate, and malasadas...he eats the pork hash and it's COLD...then he meets me with the malasadas...they are hard as a rock, way too dry, AND WITH A LONG STRAND OF HAIR FRIED IN IT!!!!!!! 

I don't understand (and I really think the others to write their reviews of 5 stars were paid or friends of the business) how other people have had amazing experiences and absolutely no complaints.... I do know though that I'm absolutely done with this place and WILL NEVER recommend it....way to give the people of Hawaii a horrible image!!!!
I have made it my mission to try to get to as many of my bookmarks in the area as possible. Today I found myself at 808. Malasadas were sounding pretty good for lunch, so I decided to give them a try. 

I ordered the red velvet filled with macadamia nut cream filling. I also tried the regular malasada filled with guava. This one was a little on the dry side, not as fresh tasting as I had hoped. I definitely preferred the red velvet. It had a nice texture and I really enjoyed the filling. I'm don't usually like filled donuts, but this was a treat. It was the perfect texture and wasn't too rich. I also got a spam musubi to fulfill my savory quotient for lunch. Honesty, the only reason I ordered it was because they have a $5 minimum credit charge and I just was slightly short. 

The guys working there were friendly and efficient. I wouldn't go out of my way, but they're worth a try.
I recently went to check this place out and gotta say the poke is the bomb and I've been to other poke shops around Las Vegas and Henderson and they just don't compare to this place. They make it fresh all the time. To the big hawaiian boy keep up the awesome work.

I also tried the dessert cause after reading all the reviews of good and bad I needed to try it for myself. I found the desserts quite tasty and satisfying. Nothing beats Leonard's but hats off to them for trying to bring some 808 here.

Nothing negative here guys, I believe in supporting all island business and props for taking a chance with our economy the way it is. Aloha...
I love hidden treasures and 808 Island Craves is truly a hidden treasure in Henderson. You must look real closely when in the little parking lot of a little buisness center or you will miss it - cause I did. There is no storefront big sign or anything... just the left over seafood sign from the previous buisness. 
Some times depending n the day when you walk in there is a good assortment of stuff and sometimes they didn't make enough and they are wiped out so it looks real empty. 
So far, I've liked all the cakes that I've tried - Green Tea, Guava, Chocolate Haupia, an Mac Coffee. The malasadas is hit or miss for me - when it's fresh it's a hit and when it's been out for a bit and gets kinda hard outside it's a miss. I think the guava and green tea custard filling of the malasadas is so damn good!!!!
The fried shrimp in the bento box was too small and hard but the furikaki fried rice was yum - the guava grilled chicken was yum also!!!!
I was told just the other day that their cook quit on them so I hope they find a good cook soon cause I wanted to try their mango and lychee mochi....
Can't wait to try their POG cake and their Guava pancakes at the other restraurant they seem to be partnering up with in downtown Henderson - Islander Grill. 
The owner came from Bread and Butter and I can't wait for him to start doing pastries with that Passion Fruit filling that he used for the malasadas at Bread and Butter. That Passion Fruit flling was too die for.
This place is a "broke da mouth" dream come true.....
There are some big changes that happened at 808 Island Craves.  First they are now located within Islanders Grill restaurant over in downtown Henderson.  They have the showcase of Guava, Chantilly cakes, and other goodies in the corner of the restaurant.  And they told me everything is baked right there on the premise.  Good thing: I can have malasadas with my Honolulu lunch plate!  Bad thing: Bad for my waistline..oh well!  All I know is every time I order malasadas there is a 20 minute wait. So call ahead if you plan to order a dozen.  

The second big change is they now open early AM and serve breakfast!! I had my second visit for breakfast here and the menu now includes; breakfast pastries like Apple and Chocolate turnovers and Macadamia Nut Sticky Buns!!  They taste just like sticky buns but with an island twist!  I also ordered the Char Siu LupCheong Fried Rice w/ Eggs Portuguese Sausage & Spam w/Fried Egg and  Hollandaise sauce for my husband. So much food!  So hearty and filling too! Good way to start your day! Comfort food for breakfast! Yes! Lucky Mr. B. shared it with me!  

The best part of breakfast for me though is the Red Velvet Waffles! It's drizzled with Macadamia Nut sauce, whipped chocolate butter and topped with fresh strawberries!  The waffles are a velvety chocolate and it doesn't taste sugary at all paired up with Macadamia Nut sauce.  So there really isn't that much of a sugar rush as opposed to maple/honey based syrups.  I was telling my friend that 808 Island Craves probably can pass this off for dessert too if paired with ice cream!  

I like the partnership they have with Islanders Grill! Good to see service issues have improved as well! Then again the laid back atmosphere and the friendly staff is what I find charming! Just have to get past the ugly rug and the funky chairs. But it's all good as long as the food is good!
So now that they're even closer to my house is a huge plus. 'Old' Henderson did not have many choices when it came to Hawaii(an) desserts, and even when they were 10 minutes away on Warm Springs, I'd be there twice a week sometimes.  I find myself having little willpower on most days to not drive by there and get me some malasadas. Because it's never just malasadas, it ends up to be a plate lunch or a piece of cake too. I love the fact that they are experimental, especially with their breakfast items. 

Really hoping that since they now share space with Islander's Grill, instead of having to worry about things like huge rent, they can continue to focus on being able to experiment, and are able to continue focusing on their delicious treats.

Welcome to the neighborhood!
Adding more sweet treats to my favorite list.  Guri Guri!! It's like gelato but the island style way with tropical flavors.  We had Lychee & Melona, very flavorful and refreshing treat!  How cool I heard the radio hosts on 94.1 radio station give a shout out about the malasadas here. I was beginning to question myself thinking maybe my tastes buds are off. Good to know they're not!  The malasadas filled with macadamia nut cream is my other favorite filling . Mr. B likes the pumpkin with topped white chocolate.  They're fried up to order so it's nice and warm,  although the pumpkin filled ones tastes better cold! Love the creative ways this place keeps coming up with to make them.