Oh OHSO...how do I love thee! You are near my house and now near my work and I am now certainly going to be fat from your bloody mary's and brisket and french fries. 

I am biased because the original OHSO has such a fantastic location and patio, but this is in an awesome center with an OK patio - in fact its kind of cool how they utilized the space. They kept with the bike theme and added some neat touches to accommodate the new place. The open kitchen is a fun touch - its so busy but they keep it clean and I love to see whats happening in there. 

The menu is similar but there are a bunch of different things on there which make me jealous that we don't have them at the other location. I stuck with my old favorite, the brisket, but my girlfriend got the waldorf wrap which was nice and refreshing. The guys got the brisket as well. Their bloody's are fantastic at both locations but this one offers a peppered bacon as the stirrer and man was that amazing! It melts in your mouth and I don't think I have ever drank one as fast as I did today.

Jon, the owner, was there chatting it up with everyone. He is such a great guy. I was impressed to see how busy the new location was since it was the first day today. This location is going to kill it and give Four Peaks a run for their money. Cannot wait to go back again!
Very cool atmosphere. Something this Scottsdale area definitely needed for those of us who work in the area. It's a nice get away from the work day.

Food is just fantastic! The burger + cheese is definitely worth trying even if it sounds simple. Fries were outstanding too. No complaints.
Great little spot for craft beer and home distilled liquor. Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Friendly and helpful staff great food at a reasonable price. Was there the second night open and it was very busy. Congratulations G. Also hear there is a new one coming on Tatum and Shea soon.
First off, I'm not sure how there are already comments on the quality of their distilled liqueur as it's not available here yet.  We came here on their second night open. It was a Saturday. The place was crowded and loud on the inside. They were out of one of the beers we tried to order. Overall, the food was just as good as the other location's and the service only seemed to be marginally better, which isn't saying much.  The food and drink selection is eclectic,  Pico de gallo on the pesto hummus, yucca chips, and basil in half of the signature drinks.  Despite the eclectic nature of the menu, nothing really jumped out at me.  I wish the snacky items were available outside of happy hour. Everything I tried was alright, and I'll probably come back once in a while after the opening hype has died down and the distillery is actually up and running.
Opening night...crazy busy! Our server didnt miss a beat though. The decor is hip and fun just like the crowd. Lots of patio diners brought their pooches. OHSO really caters to the 4 legged darlings with water bowls and fresh baked doggie biscuits. 

I thought the menu, and especially the appetizers, were over priced but oh well!
Great service, Awesome selection of cocktails and beer! Shared the olives, and Hummus which was delicious!  I enjoyed their version of the Moscow Mule because they have a house ginger mix.  Great Location!!
My first time at O.H.S.O. and it was a good experience. We had the beer brunch, which was a great deal with delicious food. The biscuits and gravy were great. The atmosphere is fun and the patio is superb. 

My only negative was the service. Our waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu and told us one price for a side and then charged us more. She also didn't ask how we wanted our eggs cooked, so my partner wasn't keen on the scrambled. Oh well, nothing awful, but definitely not a bonus for the place.

I will definitely be back and come for brunch, just will look for a different server.
I've been to their original location a few times and was excited to find out there was one opening up close to me! We went for brunch and it was fantastic. For $10 you get a large meal and one of their local beers or a huge mimosa. You seriously can't beat that deal!

I had the biscuits and gravy and it was delicious. I also had a bite or two of the Pan Purdue which is their french toast. It wasn't overly sweet or heavy. They forgot the fruit compote at first but brought some out when we inquired about it. Be sure they give it to you, it's great!

They do have a patio outside which is dog friendly. However, it's not as large as the Phoenix location. 

I hope more restaurants open a location in N. Scottsdale as it's so much more convenient than driving to Phoenix every time I want a great meal.
John was awesome, and Derek was a super sexy beer man. Me and the lil tina had a great time checking the new place out!
And you know, Summer, running the place like a boss!
we love this place, stumbled on it while looking for dog friendly venues and fell in love with it. We are there at least once a week, usually more. Great atmosphere and staff and great beer, what more could you ask for! We recommend it constantly, and every time we do we get rave reviews and thanks.
I would give 5 if I could. 3 if they were not so new. 

3 of us showed up yesterday, 5-22 about 8pm. We were greeted and seated inside in the corner. Which is fine if the corner had some design atmosphere. 

Really liked the menu style (design, layout, paper, items (lose the hyphens)). Ordered a couple OHSO cocktails. "Shhh" they were called. Refreshing! (still did not know our server's name until we asked after apps).  

Ordered the Steak and Fries app. About 5 minutes to the table. I could live on these...Happily! They are amazing. Once we finished the app, within 2 minutes our entrees arrived... Diablo burger Medium with OHSO sauce on side (Bloody Mary Mix, Horseradish, maybe some 1000 island or mayo mixed in) Good tangy flavor with some heat. I had to send back because the meat was rare and slapped me in the face. They did not do a re-fire, actually made a whole new burger (good work). A bit over medium. But good flavor and you can taste all the items perfectly. The bun, reminiscent of Kings Hawaiian Bread (soft but not sweet). Problem is the bottom holds a lot of weight, heat, juice and within 2 bites, it's completely in pieces. But I did slop up every crumb on the dish. Guest 2 had the same with side of ranch (I am a ranch fan... but it seemed to be kinda zingy like the Hidden Valley Farms, not like homemade buttermilk/mayo (the type you use on wings, pizza, fries, etc)). He had already killed his burger by the time mine arrived. Instructed me to flip it over to attempt to save the bun. Guest 3 had veggie burger sub fries for salad. I tasted the burger... one of the best veggie patties I have had in AZ and Los Angeles. 

Why the 4 and not the 5? - Decor seems lacking in some areas, there are visually cold spots in the building. Flow is not bad. Price points for some items are a bit high. I figure they will find the loss leaders soon and adjust. $100 for three burgers, 1 app, 1 beer, 2 cocktails.  There are other places with same quality and better deal, but it is NoSco!

BIG ISSUES: 
1) no true identifying uniforms to figure out who works there and who doesn't. Thus you find yourself visually confused as to who to ask a question.
2) timing timing timing... in a period of 15 minutes we had ordered, ate and looked at each other to figure out if we were going to get a second drink. Meaning, that the servers need to pace the kitchen, watch the tables, get more drinks to the guests, up that ticket avg. That timing is great for time-pressed lunch crowds. 

It should become a NoSco hotspot with a long lifespan. It's immediate competitors are: FourPeaks and TwinPeaks. (actually delete TwinPeaks, it's just terrible in so many ways). FourPeaks has the beer, the size, the longevity. But I think the two can co-exist happily and thrive. 

We will be back...
Four out of four people at our table had mistakes made with their food. Some were easy to amend (picking off onions, etc), some were not (burger slathered in undesirable sauce). Remedy took a while and everyone else was finished or nearly so by the time I got my corrected burger. One more umbrella on the outside patio would not go amiss either. Small selection on the menu. I'll give it another shot once they are more established, but not impressed thus far.
I have been here three times since the opening last week! I would say I am a big fan! We love their happy hour deals, that's mostly what we've come for. Their calamari and Ahi app is cooked to perfection! Their shrimp tacos are very tasty. N the Thai   hummus with cucumbers and carrots are very tasty but not spicy. I also love that they bring you cucumber water as soon as you arrive and are seated. The staff is all very friendly, and quite helpful if you're not sure what you're looking for. We will be coming here a lot of the next few months!!!
Came in this morning for their $10 brunch and beer special and was not disappointed. My wife and I sat on the patio and enjoyed a delicious OHSO hefeweizen, a cool and sweet mimosa, the steak and eggs burrito with guacamole and the lox and bagels.

The service was great, it seemed our waiter was always nearby to refill our drinks on the warm patio. Not long after we got there, they turned on the misters, which made the experience much more enjoyable. The food was delicious; the burrito was simple and savory, and my wife loved the lox (you build your own sandwich, which she likes better). For everything we got, $10/plate with beer is a fantastic deal!

I think the thing I like most about this place was the atmosphere. Every member of the staff were friendly, even bringing out water and snacks to the canine customers. The local beer selection is one of the best I've seen.

I highly recommend this place, we may be making OHSO a staple for our weekend brunches to come.
Great time and place! Food and drinks were awesome! Our server, Melissa, was friendly and helpful. Happy to have this location open now, we'll be back!
For being opened only two weeks, aside from service, all was good. The wait staff will get better in time (a little slow and inattentive) but the ambience, the beer, and the food were very good! 

They have brunch specials on Sat & Sun only for $10! My wife had the bratwurst and eggs. It was the best brat we ever had- not too spicy and much less gristled than others.

I had the Diablo Burger with a side salad. Cooked "no pink" with a great tasting sauce with chili peppers and pepper jack cheese. OHSO good!! 

Many beers to choose from including local faves. OHSO stands for Old Homebrewers Social Outlet. The beer is the reason they're here!
I've been to OHSO eatery a number of times so I'm not writing this review on one visit but on my general feeling.  I love the array of beer they have on tap - I always find something really good and then can't remember what it was.  The next time I have to start all over with finding my favorite. I have a feeling the quantity of beer consumed directly effects my ability to remember.

Here are the things I've tried:
Veggie Burger - delicious, love this one.  Not even a vegetarian but enjoy the heck out of it.

Gnocchi - YES!  Love it.  Heaven.

Beet Salad - good, but they forgot to add the goat cheese on this one so it did not achieve full deliciousness.

OHSO Rita Flatbread - not spectacular.  If you're going full bore on the carbs go for the gnocchi.

Spicy Green Chile Pulled Pork - very delicious and SPICY.  Get ready for a kick.

Biscuits and Beer Gravy - not my favorite.  Needed more gravy and the biscuits were pretty dry.  

I love the atmosphere of this place and bring your pups out to the back patio.  Great place to hang out and try a few beers (1, 2...10).
Came here today for brunch and I'm giving it 3 stars because the burger was decent and they had some good staff members. Our server Jann did not smile once or even introduce herself. I only know her name because it was on the tab... When she said thank you for coming in, she didn't even look at us. She didn't seem busy, just tired or something. Not once did she check on our food after we got it and we had to ask a busboy for our check. We also got the biscuits and gravy brunch deal that came with a mimosa. The gravy was barely warm and I wouldn't get it again. I could be because we came in around 1:30pm but I'm paying the same price as the customers coming in at 11am... It would make sense to provide the same quality unless that was just it. Maybe our server was hungover. I saw her take care of her other tables and still, not a smile. We'll come back, but we're not getting brunch or sitting in Jann's section. Should've sat at the bar. The bartender greeted us - not the hostess and he seemed nice and attentive.
HH ends at 6pm and we arrived at 6:02.  Our server told us it was technically after HH but said he'd be able to throw in a couple HH drinks for us if we'd like.  I got the Shandy which is a mix of citrus vodka, lemon juice, and beer.  It was delicious and refreshing on a hot afternoon! 

We ordered the brisket sandwich and pork carnitas tacos.  Both dishes were tasty and the portions were generous.

I'm happy they've opened a location in Scottsdale.  I want to try their backyard BBQ!
i swung in here yesterday for lunch .i took my spot at the bar i found the service excellent especially the beautiful young gal behind the bar very effeciant and proffesional . the menu is pretty much basic bar food lots of burgers , i scaned the menu 3/4 times looking for something that caught my eye but ended up having a burg which was good.
A a new go-to for my puppy and I!! 
Excellent food and brews. Get the kale pear salad with chicken!
Beer, real good. Burgers, awesome. Fries, yum. Service, decent although a bit slow. Overall, I like this place and will be coming back!
Great atmosphere menu and service !! Ohso stands for outrageous home brew social outpost ! Ya perfecto !
First time with a big group, and although they don't take reservations, we got in right away! Derek was our server and he did a great job getting through all of our food and drink orders. We are quite the group to try to get through, so he did a great job. Would recommend anyone to this place!
I LIKE IT!  

What's not to like: Taco plates and $6.00 small craft beer pitchers!
Nice ambience but hate the vegetarian food .. Specially the veg patty.. Tasteless and cold .. Felt like they just look out do deep freeze and did not heat up properly .. Also the food was served after 40 min !!! I love the other Ohso location but disappointed with this 1
Absolutely delicious. Cant wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
I love ohso! This new location is great, I love the pulled pork and the fact that I can bring my pup! Great beer as well!! Service is always excellent as well!
Love the west coast beach cruiser hipster vibe. Excellent choose of brews and great local ones! Fantastic service and bartenders are in too of it and always cleaning the bar :) love it and we will be back.
Awesome patio and delicious food. Pet friendly. We ordered burgers from the late night menu which starts at 10 pm. We also got pretzels which were small but really good. I was a fan of the extensive beer selection  especially my fav, Bells Oberon, which isn't found here very often. 

We loved the food, drinks, and atmosphere, but the service was super slow. That's my reason for three stars instead of four. These guys just opened though so we'll have to give them another try here soon. 

You really can't beat the price... two beers, two orders of pretzels, iced tea, and a burger and fries - $35.00!!
Good beer selection and a nice cocktail list. First time for brunch but lunch is always good! Dog friendly with pet snacks
I'm very glad this place opened up near my home.  I've gone here for brunch, lunch and dinner.  Each visit has been very pleasant with the staff and the food.  


Brunch:
I ordered the french toast and it wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still tasty.

Lunch: 
Hands down the Arizona Burger!  It never disappoints!  yom yom yom yom 

Dinner:
Arizona Burger once again! lol

The beers are also damn good.  The White Chocolate Ale is a fan favorite, but it's hard to pick a favorite when they have such a great selection.  

Happy hour is always busy!  So get there early to avoid a long wait for a table.  Everyone likes to hang out in the patio and at the bar.
They always have very fun and helpful bartenders.  Their selection of craft beers is one of the best in town.  Their HH appetizers are a little weak but their burger and bbq pork and brisket are very good.
Finally checked this place out and either many people are still doing the same or it's just that good! There was about a 30 minute wait on a Thursday night. My burger was good and there's plenty on the menu I'd love to go back and try. The patio is great, but it's too hot for that right now and they try to cool it down with misters and fans, but they've basically made the side tables unusable because they get soaked. 

The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the service and the atmosphere - the servers blend in too much and just look like patrons. I get the relaxed look, but throw on an apron or something! Also, ours was MIA a lot. There were a lot of large groups - kids and drunk adults, essentially acting the same - which is just slightly obnoxious. It lacked the busy, but relaxed feel of Four Peaks, instead just feeling busy and chaotic. 

Also, any new bar coming to sleepy North Scottsdale creates a buzz, but this one disappointed just the same as the existing bars because they also close up at about midnight or 1am, even on weekends.
Very cool place with a comfortable atmosphere! Perfect place to grab late night drinks with friends or to go on a fun and relaxed date. Lots of home brews to choose from. You can also brew beer at their primary location!
I have been wanting to try this place for a while and am glad to see they opened up a spot near my office. We went after work one evening and were seated at a table inside near the entrance. The service was great for our group of 6 and the drinks and food were great! Do note that the menu on the website is for their main location and don't get your hopes up for the green chili pork sandwich :(

I ended up ordering the Arizona burger after we shared a couple of appetizers. I also indulged in a sangria and then switched to their white IPA which, for someone who doesn't like beer, was pretty good. I'm looking forward to trying them out again before I leave town.