I've eaten here many times, although I have to say the food is just average.  Table service for the buffet is always excellent, however.

Buffet has a variety of Chinese dishes, salad bar, peel & eat shrimp, crab legs, sushi, and even pizza to name a few.  Dinner is $11.99 and lunch is $7.99 if I remember correctly.

Again, food is nothing to rave about but okay if you're in the neighborhood.  Word of caution, I noticed last night the shrimp is not deveined.  YUCK, YUCK, YUCK.  It didn't seem to bother my husband.  What a surprise.
Been to a fair amount of Chinese buffets and this seems to be the top of its class - a class which could never get 5 stars just out of principle.

Sushi was very good, vegetables were crisp, soups were tasty and they even made a dozen beef ribs for my friend without sauce (he's diabetic).

Place is very clean, wait staff is efficient, and prices consistent with the area and quality but not a cheap Chinese buffet.
I have been to a few of the " Asian" or "Chinese" buffets around town and found this one to be near the top of my list. It is clean and the service is good. The variety and taste of the hot dishes are good. But, with all buffets some of the fried dishes can get alttle greasy. The sushi section is a little small but, the sashimi and nigri was good. I thought this place was a good value for the price.
Most of these Chinese Buffet places are crap... Greasy, sticky, unimaginative cuisine, just quantity over quality. This place is different, and I like it very much! Wifey and I have been a few times, and I took my in laws there recently as well. Things are fresh here, unlike other Chinese buffets (Paradise Valley). They have somewhat decent sushi, and fresh fruit as well. They also have dessert, if you are into that. I would recommend this place and we will be back again!
This is definitely my favorite of any Chinese Buffet I have been to in the East Valley.  People seem to have a hard time giving a buffet 5 stars but shouldn't one consider that it is simply a 5 star version of...a buffet. 

The service is fast and friendly.  The food looks good and tastes fresh.  I don't even feel leery about eating the sushi, of which they have a few different types of rolls and sashimi and nirigi available (mostly variations of tuna, salmon, and eel).

The bill for a Saturday dinner came to $15 each(with beverage) though I did notice this last trip that the drink was tacked on for around $2.  I am not sure if the separate charge is new but I thought it was worth mentioning.
In all the times I've eaten here, last night was the first bad experience.  Almost everything I had was bad. The fried pot sticker was chewy, the tempura had been sitting out too long, even the sugar bun wasn't hot. And the bananas at the dessert table were just nasty looking.  I'm hoping this was just a bad night.  But I'm warning you Oriental Garden, one more night like this and you're losing a star!
Like most angsty teenagers I got to a point growing up where I denounced the buffets my parents dragged me to when I was a kid. However, when I went away to college and most of my friends rediscovered the fine art of gorging yourself with *fill-in-the-blank* cuisine from *fill-in-the-blank* buffet, I wouldn't give in. I don't know what it is, but with the exception of Sweet Tomatoes I don't do buffets. 

that being said I had pretty low expectations for this place and I'm definitely rating it for the buffet that it is. My parents come here quite a bit, and wanted to take me here before I went home after a weekend visit. Yes my parent are senior citizens and yes my parents eat at buffets like it's there job and yes they brought a dollar off coupon to get a discount on the already reduced rate this place offers to senior citizens. 

Like a couple of other people have mentioned the sushi here wasn't bad. It's your basic Cali, tuna, and salmon rolls but I wasn't bashful about eating it. If I would have ordered it from a sit down restaurant I probably wouldn't have liked it as much, but the pieces I had were an appropriate temperature and the guy making the rolls seemed to be churning them out often so it wasn't like they were sitting out for awhile. 

The one station I really liked was the area where they had items you would find when you go for dim sum, like dumplings, pork buns, etc. This station even had duck and chicken wings that were dry, but not bad considering they were buffet items. 

There was another station that I called the "Panda Express" station because it had items like orange chicken and eggplant with tofu. They only item I tried here was some sort of honey chicken with jalapenos, which actually had good flavor. There was also a hot seafood station, which I bypassed (I don't know why I didn't have a problem with the sushi, but I was leery of the shrimp, crab, and fish here for some reason).  I should also point out that most of the items throughout the buffet have labels so you know what you're getting. 

Oriental Garden also has several salads, which I didn't try and desserts, including the old buffet standby frozen yogurt, along with pudding, napoleon, brownies, and cookies. The desserts I sampled were all decent. 

The service was good and our waiter refilled our drinks when needed. At $11.99 for dinner (drinks aren't included) I thought between the sushi & dim sum station alone it was worth it. 

So this doesn't sound like a four star review, does it?  Well, like I said, since this was buffet I wasn't expecting the same standard I would from a restaurant where I just ordered a meal that would have been prepared after I ordered it. The fact that some things were a little dry or were slightly off in temperature didn't bother me. Plus my parents like this place, and if it's good enough for them, heck I'll come back :)
Got together with Mike C & Norm R today for lunch here.  It's a fairly large place with a friendly staff.  I counted 88 food choices, plus condiments, & some standout items were the long, tender salad asparagus spears, Maraschino cherries, delicious spare ribs, & crispy fried chicken.  Certain things didn't work for me, including the gooey fried rice, & I wasn't crazy about the seating setup, but there were plenty of food choices available to build yourself a tasty meal in this busy place!

Lunch Buffet $7.95, $7.15 Sr.
Four and a half stars! I enjoyed practically everything I had here, which was almost everything they had here - the soup, the freshly-prepared sushi, the salads and hot and cold seafoods, the meats freshly cooked at the grill, the fish dishes, tempura veggies, the "standard" meat and noodle dishes, the desserts. There's a much wider choice of dishes here than at most buffets, and they had things buffets don't normally offer, such as asparagus and steamed clams. A very friendly staff added to the pleasant dining experience. If someone were to ask for a buffet recommendation for the Scottsdale area, I would immediately send them to this one.
went here with Norm R and Rand H . The decor was was nice  with lots of booth seating as well as lots of tables.The choices at the buffet were almost 90 which to me gives them the rank of super buffet.The items on the buffet were all good with lots of seafood and a sushi bar,they also had a grill were they were cooking bbq ribs and pork chops that were very good.I had the hot and sour soup and it was very good with lot of tofu added.the sweets were better than average for a chinese buffet. Alland all this place was a great chinese buffet better than most but not the best. Yay i am a fan.
Easy to overeat there due to the large variety. I enjoy going there with friends. Affordable for a buffet.
This is the best Chinese buffet I've had so far in the Phoenix metropolitan area. I had almost given up! The food is fresh, tasty and a bug change from some of the stale stuff I've eaten at other Chinese buffets in Scottsdale/Phoenix. If I'm hankering for Chinese & want a big spread, that's where I'll go next :)
I really enjoyed this place.  They had a lot of choices, the service was good, and it was clean.  I saw attendants replacing items on the buffet quickly.  They also were constantly cleaning and checking to make sure we all were happy.  The orange chicken was very good and the sauce tasted like homemade rather than the slop you get at some places.  I could be wrong.  Also, the asparagus was steamed perfectly with some sort of oil and chili.  There was a nice variety of sushi.  It probably was not the best I have ever had, but it was good for a buffet.  I will definately go back.
This is my fav China buff. Highlights are the crab puffs, potstickers, orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and those little sticks o' grilled chicken. Best way add 2k + calories to your diet.
i usually avoid buffets like the plague....i use to love them when i was like 16 and didn't know what poor food quality, high salt content, and germ ridden products were on buffets. so i don't think i've had a buffet in about 10 years. 

so i did a search for dim sum near my work and this place came up. i had a long lunch break so i headed over. first off...there wasn't much in the way of dim sum. but there were several non-meat, healthy "looking" options. like steamed salmon, decent looking broccoli dishes and fresh looking sushi. i tried a bunch of the sushi and none of it tasted or smelled funky. it was all actually very good. 

i was highly impressed. and for only 7 bucks for lunch! i may look into buffets more!
Mrs. Wanderer and I are not  fans of buffets in general but on this particular day our original destination (Sakana) was closed and this was literally the next restaurant we drove by.  We were starving so we stopped in.

We were pleasantly surprised.  The selection was huge and the food was surprisingly good.  We would have settled for merely edible but it was actually pretty tasty. Very wide selection of everything and nothing that we had was less than good and a few things were excellent.  Not exactly health food or haute cuisine but it struck us both as much better than it needed to be.

Our waitress was extremely friendly.  And at $7.99, you really can't beat the price.
Decent quality food and plenty of variety
Yes it is a buffet! Ok, I get it. Yes I am a food snob, you clearly understand these two DON'T mix!  Alas, the buffet is one of my guilty pleasures. Kinda like a Hostess Apple pie with Pork rinds. Hey now. So about once a year I go to a buffett. I go with a raging appetite and leave fat and usually not so happy. My Mother and Father happened upon this place and brought me and my Daughters to try it. They said it was REALLY good. This was my first trip to a Chinese buffet with my girls. It was not the mediocre slop I usually find at the CB (Chinese Boofay) this was a place where I would pay $25 for the Mongollian Beef alone. They have some of the best spare ribs I have had this side of Chinatown in NYC....where I am from....I know my Chinese. The Pork chop is oustanding. They have a trditional Japanese Eggplant and garlic dish that is so purple and bursting with flavor It's like Mardi Gras in my mouth. They have Steamed clams, Steamed Crab Legs, Steamed Fish of the Day. One standout is the Roast Duck. Now in no way is it excellent, it is Fair to Good. HOWEVER, if you ask them to make fresh Duck, they will happily oblige you. Then, the Duck becomes a real treat. That's right, I am talking to the tribe for a moment......ask for fresh duck, you will not be dissapointed!!! There are plenty of fried foods if thats your bag, Wal-Mart chinese food I call it. Fried Sticky Sweet Chicken and Beef dishes are sure to please your Panda Palate and will afford you the opportunity to ruin your greyish looking fruit of the loom t-shirt. Heres a tip, There is a dish that has frried chicken (white meat only) with Honeya and Jalapenos. The Jalapenos in this dish are TOO DIE FOR. I add them to my mongollian beef. The fried crab is a chinese staple and is done up pretty nicely here. Very fresh tasting. They have sushi...............I love sushi........I have never eaten it here and I never will. It does look fresh, my framily says it's fine but I am reluctant to try it. The staff is very nice and very accomodating. My CB experience has gone from once a year to once a month with this place. For a boofay they are the best I have had!!!
I can't guarantee that anyone will share the experience I have at the Oriental Garden, but know that my four star review isn't curved much just because "it's a buffet."

I have been many times (it's the go-to buffet as far as I'm concerned) and each time the staff is friendly, inviting, and attentive. Besides for being hit on occasionally by the waiter because I vaguely resemble Harry Potter, the atmosphere feels authentic enough and the seats are soft enough to ensure comfort while I dine. Comfort is important, here, because for the next hour or so I am going to be eating as much as humanly possible and I'd like to be comfortable before the well-earned stomach ache kicks in.

The price is pretty great considering the amount of food at your disposal. As a fan of sushi, it's nice to see them offer a few varieties (yellowtail, tuna, salmon) including my all-time favorite: mackerel. Not many buffets offer sushi and even less offer good sushi, but Oriental Garden does a good job with its raw fish. Some places make you eat the rice as well, perhaps hoping to limit the amount of sushi you can possibly manage to consume. Not here. I especially like that they've removed the rice from the mackerel and offer it as sashimi now. It probably depends on the hour you go, but around 5pm it's delicious and at least the very least, it feels really fresh.

I usually eat about half sushi, and half "other stuff." This includes a plethora of options - great ribs, shu mai, orange chicken, mongolian beef, baked salmon, and so much more. This is obviously not the ideal setting for a health-nut so I have no qualms recommending the coconut shrimp and the sweet 'n sour chicken as my personal favorites.

They have ice cream and desserts but I hardly ever have any room left over once I'm done with all the dinner options. Gave it four instead of five because the consistency isn't always there, occasionally you can eat something that doesn't have the right texture or seems like it's been out for a while, but the overall experience is always very satisfying for me. It's easily the best buffet I've been to in Arizona outside of Golden Corral. If anyone knows of a better oriental buffet - please let me know. If you haven't tried Oriental Garden - what are you waiting for?
If you like buffets, the area around Indian Bend and 101 is a good place to be, since you find the Wandering Horse Buffet, Sweet Tomatoes, YC's Mongolian Grille, and Oriental Garden Super Buffet all within a mile.  The Oriental Garden has always been enjoyable, but we have neglected it recently in favor of the newer, fancier Wandering Horse and the "healthier" Sweet Tomatoes, so it's time to do a comparison check.  

We were delighted to discover that the Oriental Garden has responded to the new competition by kicking it up a notch.  Though it may lack the flash (and the liquor license) of the Wandering Horse, it offers almost as much for half the price.  They may not have Kobe beef, but they have a sushi section which has doubled in size since our last visit, with tuna, salmon, and eel nigiri, a selection of maki, and some interesting seafood-filled pastries.  And let me not forget the crab legs, baked salmon, and flounder.  Plus shrimp more ways than you can count.  For seafood, OG leaves WH in the dust.  

All the Chinese buffet staples are there, and fresher than most other Chinese buffets.  They still don't compete on desserts, but have added an excellent chocolate cake to get in the running.  Overall, Oriental Garden clearly holds its own in this competition, and may be our first choice.  

Meat eaters may prefer Wandering Horse, vegetarians or those wishing they were on a diet may choose Sweet Tomatoes, pasta lovers or those with a need for spicier food should try YC's, but seafood lovers and those simply looking for good bang-for-the-buck will wind up at Oriental Garden.
EXCELLENT Chinese buffet. This place is run by a Chinese family that knows what they're doing. Service is EXCELLENT, their food is FRESHLY prepared, with a wide variety of items. The Egg Foo Yung is always delicious. I can't say enough good things about this wonderful restaurant.
Had my first visit recently and will be coming back again without a doubt. The Honey Hot Chicken is fantastic. For the price, this is easily one of the best buffets in town!
As far as buffets go this place is pretty dam good. Saturday they have the all you can eat crab legs and for $12 you can't beat it. The service is great , very attentive. I didn't give it five stars because there is still room for improvement in terms of the desserts and a couple of the dishes - i.e. the chow mein (not fabulous) but overall one of the best oriental buffets I have been to.
Great variety! They had soups, salads, sushi, plenty of Chinese and seafood dishes. A large variety of desserts too.
It's a below average, overpriced Chinese buffet.  Crab legs were overdone, stir-fry dishes all had a strange taste. They had a large selection of seafoods, but not the best quality (I know, I know--it IS an oriental buffet--what should I expect?). Two buffets and 1 soft drink...total $27.86...ouch!
Just moved to the Scottsdale area and searched around online for a Chinese buffet style restaurant in the vicinity of our new place. Decided to give this place a shot. This place was pretty disappointing to say the least. The only plus was the friendly staff. Other than that, the place seemed run-down. Bathroom was kept pretty filthy and was in need of a makeover (might be a reflection of their kitchen, who knows). My GF and I went there for lunch and the food looked fine. However, almost all the food there taste as if it were laying under the heat lamps all day (if not from the previous evening). The veggies did not taste fresh at all. The wontons had hard edges. Basically, I'm glad that we scoped this place out before deciding to come here on a whim with a large group and risk being embarrassed by recommending that we eat here. I guess if you haven't been to any other Chinese buffets to compare it to, it might be somewhat palatable. But coming from the East Valley where we have so many awesome buffets to choose from, this place pales in comparison.

I gave it 2 stars only because 1 star goes to the friendly staff. And the other star goes to the drinks and desert cake with ice cream (which was the only thing I enjoyed).
I went there because I didn't know exactly what I want and with a buffet you have a big variety. We went on Friday night and arrived a little late, we didn't realize that they close by 9pm. The place was ok, the staff friendly, the only think annoying was that they start cleaning everything and you hear all that noises and some of them were sweeping next to our table. The food was ok too. I need to tell that I'm not a chinese food lover, so maybe my opinion is not helpful, but I can tell that some food didn't look fresh and and another where to oily. My husband said was ok too, for the price is fine.
One of my favorite buffet spots.  Everything is hot -temperature and spicy good flavor.  Not your usual greasy noodles found at most buffets.  I love the cold jalapeno with sqid and octopus.  Where else do you get that at a buffet.
Asian buffets scare me... I usually don't know what half the stuff is, and if I do know what it is, it's a microwaved crazy sauced version of what I'm used to. Granted, I came here with a hungry hoard of UCSD dragon boaters, so we were all starved from a long day of paddling. Yes, I ate, but I was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to paddle our races the next day.

Microwavable edamame was my friend since I saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side (I figured I'd be safe with these), and I attempted to try everything else like the random seafoods, mushy sushi, and fatty meats. Their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the sale section of the local grocery bakery, so I stuck with the frozen yogurt.

Lots of better options out there, but I guess since there were about 50 of us, we were limited.
What is it with AZ and their TERRIBLE chinese?!  I'm from small town midwest and our chinese was amazing.  This is a big city- wtf?!  Anyways, Oriental Garden "super" buffet was anything but super.  I know that buffets in general are hard to rate becuase of the lacking food quality but I've had some great chinese buffets in my day.  The options are limited and they didn't even have the favorites like sesame chicken, general tso, or beef and broccoli!  Instead they replaced it with weird, questionable entrees like cheese covered seafood mystery.  Even the crab legs were bad and had a funky taste.  I wouldn't pay $5 for this buffet so the $13 a person is unresonable for the quality of food.  I'm sorry I can't think of any pros.

Will someone please tell where I can find good chinese food in this city????!!
Losses 3 stars because the bathrooms are disgusting. That's to bad because the food is good for a chinesse buffet. I mean we all know what to expect from this type of resturant . 

On the postive side the smell of the bathroom made me "loose my lunch" if you know what I mean, so I did have room for more food. It is an all you can eat place and as I said the food is ok
If you're super fat and the only thing you care about is getting your 5000 calories in for lunch, this place is your Mecca. 

If you haven't smoked your taste buds away, have eaten real Asian food, or actually give a shit about what you put into your mouth and body, AVOID, AVOID, AVOID.
5 stars as far as lunch buffets for under $10 go. I walked in and asked if the AC was working and the guy turned to get me an ice tea. LOL. I moved to a table with more air circulating. Sushi and edamame on the buffet? wow! So far so good.  There's a ton of food to choose from. I know I will be back!
Four stars for a buffet.  Great lunch buffet price and yummy sushi.
My husband and I had been wanting to try this Asian Buffet for awhille, and we finally did, we had Dinner, which was about $13.00, had a Great Selection of Asian foods, my fave was the Mussels in shell, covered with cream cheese, couldn't get enought of them, the sushi was very fresh also, the shrimp tempura, and orange chicken were just ok!, but we would difinitely go back, next time for Lunch, I think lunch would be better deal,won't have Crab legs at lunch, but we don't eat those anyway ! Oh!  they also have Pizza for kids, and kids under 7 eat free !  Nice pleasant music, and very quiet !
There is a waiter but it's a buffet so you still have to stand up and get your food, of course.

Delicious food with broad variety (not just Asian food, in fact there's nothing Chinese or otherwise Oriental about this place other than that they do offer some of it along with other things, and some of the staff are Asian), perfect price, comfortable setting, good service, room for groups. Highly recommend if you don't want to count calories for one meal.
At first I walked in and felt like I had found the promiseland.  It wasnt too crowded and the waitress greeted me as though we were old friends. All that I could see were rows and rows of steaming buffet tables.  With that, I didnt even sit down before heading over to a station to grab a plate and begin the feast.

I went straight for the sushi and it was good.  Nigiri pieces were small, but thats fine.  Its all you can eat!  I piled on about 6 pieces and grabbed some peel and eat shrimp and went about my business.  I did the same after that with orange chicken, duck, bacon wrapped shrimp, fried rice, noodles, pork sparerib, and a bunch of other things that looked appetizing.  All this for less than 13 bucks a head!

Anyway, the long and short is that the quantity is crazy!  There must have 60 different items including whole crab and crab legs...even frog legs!  But at the end of the day the quality of all of these items is very, very "so so".  The crab legs would never be worth the effort as small as they are nor was the crab.  The peel and eat shrimp werent really worth it either as small and shelled as they were.  The duck was mostly bone and for the fan of frog legs they were tiny.  

The oriental offerings were fair in taste.  Didnt hold a candle to a Panda Express quality even (Boy...I would love if the would do and "all you can eat deal"!)  Nevertheless, they did have some treats that you couldnt find elsewhere like sticky rice in plantain leaf which I always love!  

Now there is no way that you can touch this price for all the items available!  So I have to give them kudos for that.  Its got to be great for kids to be able to try so many things that I sure as heck never tried when I was young...but if you are seeking quality along with your quantity I might sugges heading just a mile or so East to the casino...but it's gonna cost you a few bucks more for the buffet.

If you are saving room for dessert, dont.  Nothing special in this department other than the soft serve which you can dump on top  of the "apple pie" (not really apple pie, but apple filling with some crust on it).  No matter how much you eat we can always save room for soft serve!

Once again...the waitress was sweet and was very attentive.  I dont normally tip at buffet's but I did since she was right on top of our dirty plates when we were heading up for more.  A definite plus!!!  

So bang for your buck?  5 stars!  Quality of food? 2.  Total...probably a 3 to a 3.5.  I will be back one day when I skipped lunch and just got done at the gym and am FAMISHED!!!  But probably not til then...

But I am sure you'll be around since it's surely one of the best deals going.  See you then!
This has long been my favorite chinese buffet for lunch and dinner. However they are now charging $12.49 + $1.59 for soft drink. The quality of food though has not improved. Perhaps since they have Snow Crab Legs everyday they are justifying the price. But sadly I don't agree.
We looked at the food before deciding to sit down and it looked like it would be pretty good. Looks can be deceiving because NOTHING was good. I mean nothing -- usually there is at least one dish that you can eat to get your money's worth and there was literally nothing. The fried shrimp must have been over-fried by like 10 minutes it was so tough and chewy, the sweet and sour chicken had unidentifiable meat in it that was such a weird texture it made me gag. None of the meats were good, anything that was fish was too fishy, the rice and noodles were dried out. And everything smelled like old grease and had similar flavors. The soda pops we got also tasted "off".  We were very disappointed for $50 as we left hungry and went to McDonald's.

The waitress was very nice, cleared dishes quickly and was very attentive.  She brought my son potatoes that were not on the buffet since we couldn't find anything he would eat, so the people are nice and I wish I could say something nice about the food but I can't.
This is my favorite Chinese buffet I've been to so far. The variety of food, and the value are as big as my stomach is when I walk out of here.

Tip- try the chocolate cake- so moist
Tip- try the Chinese cheesecake (or egg tart if available)
Tip- cream cheese wontons! Can't get enough
We love this place - crab legs, sushi and buffet! what else can you ask for? Oh the waiter always remembers us and asks where my aunt is if she doesn't come. How cool is that!
Our Chinese buffet is closing! They say they lost their lease due to not letting the landlord know in time and now a HOOTERS of all things is moving in..... REALLY!!!!!
was great but sadly it is now closed :(
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

Sadly, this one has closed!     :-(
I wouldn't quite call my 2 experiences at Tempting Tattie a case of hit and miss, but after my frankly tremendous first baked potato, I was a bit miffed that the second wasn't so much tempting as vomit-inducing.

I'll start with the good one. Unbelievably fluffy inside, cooked to perfection with crispy skin, and with a generous helping of (admittedly a bit rubbery) cheddar on the inside. Five stars all the way.

On visit number two, I opted to be a bit aventurous and put a bit of haggis into the mix. Now haggis doesn't look the most attractive at the best of times, but this tattie quite literally looked liked a dog had been sick on it. It didn't taste too horrific, but it's perhaps telling that since this menu mis-step I've never felt tempted to return.

that's what you get for mixing haggis and cheddar cheese. Once the memory of that schoolboy error fades, I'll gladly give Tempting Tattie another go.
The smell of this baked potato shop drives me crazy. You know how some people say that oysters is an aphrodisiac? I would argue that the smells wafting out of Tempting Tattie would weaken the knees of the most upstanding gentleman/lady.

They have a great selection of fillings - everything you would expect from a baked potato shop. The potatoes themselves are nothing short of perfect - exactly how a tattie should be. I loved the tuna mayo and sweetcorn, it's really chilled and so works well with the steamy potato. My friend just had cheese and she said it was the best baked potato she'd ever had.
Gavin's got this one right, the cheese is that cheap stuff that all cafes usually use for toasties. Melted, it's fine, un-melted you'd be safer chewing on a sock.

One detail that usually wouldn't be a problem in any other take away, but cheese holds everything together in a good baked potato. A good cheese might have made up for dodgy haggis Gavin had.
Let me just tell you, Stuart is a fusspot with cheese. He tends to boycott some flavours, to the point where I once made him a cheese toastie for breakfast (last week), and he sent it back (because I used Kraft cheese slices).

So don't listen to the cheesy lies! I quite liked the cheese in here - it's not as bad as all that, and it melts nicely. There are some good old fashioned baked potato toppings you can get, including tuna, sweetcorn and some Scottish haggis that the tourists will go nuts over. While I always opt for minimal fillings, I always appreciate how well the potatoes are made in here. They crumble in your mouth like yer gran made them. Lovely stuff. As Stephanie said your nostrils will lead the way, since this place smells delectable from around the block!
Let's be honest, we've all been tempted by a tattie.

Tempting tattie aims to exploit your primeval urge for filled baked potato. This is a better than average, easy lunch option. Like the many sandwich and baguette shops that have sprung up, the idea here is to choose your own filling from a wide range. Here you can choose a small, medium or large portion, costing you around £3.50, £4.20 or £5.00 respectively. Whilst there is a wide range of preselected combinations (basically of two ingredients) you can also choose to creatively construct your very own tattie.

Amongst the other reviewers there seems to be a bit of a debate on the issue of cheese. I have to say I wasn't that impressed by it either. I'm quite picky about my dairy, and I really don't like mega-processed plastic cheese with a greasy film. Unfortunately I've come to expect it from most places.

But you don't really expect fine cuisine from a shop like Tempting Tattie, so if a quick, filling and reasonably priced potato is your cup of tea, try this place.

Incidentally they do also offer cheaper than average but decent paninis and mediocre soup, so its not all tatties at Tatties.
Cheese
Cheese & beans
Cheese & coleslaw
Tuna & sweetcorn
Veggie chilli
Meat chilli
or Haggis?

Whilst I'm a big fan of Tempting Tattie, I have to admit I usually steer clear of most of the flavour combinations and opt for a small or medium spud with simple butter, salt and pepper. I couldn't eat haggis if you paid me and the cheese that TT serve is so flurescent and cheap looking it hurts my eyes, nevermind my tastebuds. Still, the tatties themselves are pretty good!
Cheap, basic, filling, good.

But jesus don't get a medium. It's enough food to choke a hungry hungyr hippo. It was 2 quite sizeable potatoes.

I'm honestly not so sold on putting some of those things (tuna & sweetcorn? really?) in a potato, but you can get just about anything in a potato. And nothing else. And it's cheap, filling, and you can get a nice pint down the Waverley, a minutes'  walk away. 

Yay.
I think that this is the retail arm of the wholesale business already on Yelp. Since I am a retail customer I have added this business info.

I have got to say that is shop is soooo good. The staff really know their stuff and are great at making suggestions based on your likes and your needs. I must say that this is a very strong rival to Mellis - perhaps because it has a real family feel to it as opposed to the slightly more "chain" feel that Mellis has these days. I love that they also sell other high quality produce you may want along with your cheese - crackers, chutneys, quince, olives, bread, anchovies etc. I have not tried their pastries, but their croissants look HUGE!! 

This is a great shop for gift buying, and the family Christmas cheeseboad is always stocked from here! A true gem in Bruntsfield.
I walked by this shop the other day and randomly decided to go in, and I am so glad I did. Its full of huge rounds of cheese, breads, meats and olives. Its the kind of shop you would go to if you had company coming over for dinner. Or perhaps you were going to be on Come Dine With Me and only the finest produce would do.

I love cheese, but my figure doesn't. I could quite happily sit in this shop and nibble on the huge selection of cheese, there is so many to try it would take forever to get through them all. The products in here completely blow supermarket produce out the water, this is real quality produce. I enjoyed some Mull Cheddar and some Brie and it really was delicious. It wasn't badly priced too which was a real bonus. I took home some bread too which was carbohydrate goodness. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly too, and its always great to support family businesses in these tough economic times.
How often do you come across a cheese shop? 

Ok, let me re-phrase ... If is not often that you come across a cheese shop. Especially one as good as Clark's Speciality Foods in Bruntsfield. I never really 'got' cheese until my brother decided to work his way through series one of Come Dine With Me, and I've found that I have quite a healthy appetite for it. This small shop is the perfect place for all your cheesy-dreams to come true. It's really traditional and quaint and is the sort of place I want to take my Grandparents to, to show them where I shop. The staff are very friendly and the whole experience is a thoroughly enjoyable one.

I would recommend this shop to people throwing a big dinner party, or trying to impress that someone special - everyone knows that cheese is the way to a woman's heart. 
(...quite literally, if you think about cholesterol...)
Clark's is why there are still some small independent retailers that are still staying afloat in spite of ever-expanding supermarket chains.
From the outside it looks like it's just a cheesemonger, but there are two things wrong with that. 

1) It's not "just" a cheesemonger, because it's possibly the best cheesemonger for miles around. Their focus is on "farmhouse and artisan cheeses", and even if you have no idea exactly what that means, one thing you will grasp is how great they are. In layman's terms, they have strong ones, mild ones, blue ones, ones from cow's milk, goat's milk and even sheep, smelly ones, gooey soft ones and hard ones. Conclusion: you're bound to find something you love. If you're having a dinner party where you'll need cheeses for afterwards, this is where you should head - they let you sample a slither of them so you can try it before your friends/guests do.

2) They sell so much more than cheese. I think it originally started out as a cheesemonger specifically, but now they also stock every cold meat, chutney, wine and bread you could ever need to go with it, as well as the usual selection of olives/artichoke hearts/roasted peppers/whatever else you can marinate in Olive oil, which every good deli has.

If I only had £10 left in the world, this is where I'd spend it.
This is a real delicatessen, not just a 'deli' with sandwiches and stuff, but the real thing.  It has a massive range of cheeses of every texture, colour and smell and each one is specifically sourced from an expert in the field.  They offer tasters on top of the counter which is a great concept and one that must encourage custom.  The most disgusting looking cheeses actually turn out to be some of the nicest you've tried id you give them a go.  My favourite was the Wensleydale with cranberries which I couldn't get enough of. 
I think it specialises in cheese, but it also has a good selection of cured, boiled and smoked meats ranging honey glazed smoked ham to spiced beef.
Food of this quality, of course, comes at a price and most of it is quite pricey, but if you care about good food then this is the place.
Woah, the stench of cheese! Maybe it's a heavenly smell to any cheese fanatics out there, but to a moderate cheese fan such as myself... it just stinks! However it's unavoidable at Clarks, because that's basically most of their stock, and they seem to have mountains of the stuff!

 This is a relatively small store, and from the exterior one can tell it's a quality place. They've got almost every cheese you could want, and a lot of the Scottish variety as well which was a novelty for me. Aside from the rotten stuff, they also sell fancy bread, wines, olives and pasta, and after checking out their website I was impressed to see they import fruit from a famous parisian market each week. I'm not so sure how economically (or environmentally) sound that is, but it definitely lends to it's image.

All the cheese I've tried there was fantastic, but I especially love the fresh bread! The staff were also really friendly, and it is a family business, which may give it a little bit more of a personal touch.
Bread
Crackers
Olives
Sunblushed tomatoes
Anchovies
Asparagus
Oatcakes
Pastries
Olive oil
Balsamic vinegar
Truffle oil
Smoked salmon
Salami
Pate
Terrine
Spanish acorn ham
Manchego
Buffalo mozzarella
Goats cheese
Cheddar
Brie
Coffee
& Wine

A family run deli, Clark's stock all kinds of tantalizing and tongue-teasing ingredients. There's tasty bread, fruit, vegetables and salads but the real pull is the speciality cheeses and charcuterie from various artisan makers and farmers around Scotland and Europe. In a word: YUMMY.
Super health minded prepared meals and snacks.  Worthy of a stop in for any person short on time and big on health.
This place is great for the person who wants to eat better but really doesn't have the time or know how to put together good and healthy meals!  The food is healthy, well proportioned, convenient and pretty yummy too.  You can eat there, grab & go or pick up meals for several days and the prices are reasonable.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and will show you how it works with no pressure. 

I just started the 21 day challenge.  Liz is my coach.  She spent a good hour asking me about my life style, goals and challenges and then she explained how it all works in terms that made sense and were motivating. Basically, its like this...Liz picks out everything that I'm going to eat during the challenge and even gave me a schedule for what time to eat.  All I have to do is pick up my meals 2X a week.  On top of that, Liz  will call me or email me daily to make sure I'm doing alright and to hold me accountable.  Also, if I'm in a situation where I can't eat My Fit Foods...like a client dinner or I'm traveling for work, Liz will help me with choices.  Seriously, she said that I can just tell her where I'm going and she'll figure it out.

Literally, I don't have to shop, cook or clean.  I don't have have to worry about making the right choice because all the right choices are being made for me.  I mean, I'm pretty sure that every excuse for not getting in to better habits has been obliterated.  Now, we'll just see if it works.
So its the third week of January and I like many of you have a new years resolution of getting into better shape. We can all go to the gym drink all the water we need and eat healthy when we plan, but what if that plan goes right out of the window due to your hectic daily life? I know what I do I tend to try and eat something fast that is "healthy" Well much to my surprise most fast "healthy " options are as about as healthy as a snickers bar. 

But My Fit Foods is different. It is a great concept with pre-made, pre-portioned and delicious meals ready for you on the spot. They also have a very knowledgeable and approachable staff. Their staff doesn't try and corner you into buying a bunch of stuff that will be the answer to all of your problems. 

I stopped in for a quick bite in between meetings  and was greeted immediately. I was recommend to the turkey meatloaf with sweet potato walnut mash. I was very happy with it and the price! 

This place has a lot to offer that I haven't even had a chance to look at yet like their 21 day challenge, nutrition coaching and I am sure of a lot more. If you are looking for a well priced truly healthy meal for your on the go life style then My Fit Foods is your answer.
After a busy and exciting first day back in school (last semester in college was seven years ago!), I was hungry and unsuccessful in finding anything interesting near the college.  I decided to find something close to home, but was distracted and missed my exit.  I soon found myself near Gainey Ranch.  I spotted a new restaurant there and decided to check it out, and soon found myself in the parking lot of not where I wanted to go to, but of My Fit Foods.  From the outside, MFF looked like a GNC, or a vitamin shop.  A quick check on the Yelp app confirmed that it was a pre-packaged health food place where I might find something quick to eat.

I went in and headed straight to the refrigerated section to see what everyone else was searching through and found pre-packaged foods from floor-to-ceiling.  There were breakfast items, such as burrito wraps and oatmeal combos, as well as small to large servings of lunch and dinner options, as well as some snack items.  Since these were pre-packaged, I quickly decided I'd have to look for nutritional and ingredients' info online, or I would be taking a lot of someone's precious time investigating for food allergens.  I met Brian, who quickly kept me from leaving, and instead, told me he would help me w/ identifying which foods I would have to stay away from.  A few minutes later, we were left w/ less than two handfuls' of items to choose from-- what a friendly and upbeat guy!  (Qualities of a great salesman.)  He even invited me to take a dish home to try, gratis!  

I asked if there was a membership I could sign up for, and he said yes, I could open up a "house account," where for $500, I would save 5% on purchases, whereby giving me $525 to spend however I choose, whenever I choose.  I could walk in and choose the items I wanted, or I could place the order online or by phone, and then come in whenever it's convenient for me (during business hours, that is) to pick up my order.  If I only didn't have so many food allergies to contend with, I think the products here are a convenient way to ensure I eat healthily, following a low-carb 40/40/20 diet, and lose weight, if I choose to.  I must admit that while the tofu, spinach, salsa, and quinoa-stuffed yellow bell pepper meal I tried was bland at the start, after adding a little bit of salt, it was actually quite delicious, and very satisfying!  Thank you for the inspiration on how to prepare a new dish, Brian!  

While I may not become a regular customer, I would definitely recommend My Fit Foods to anyone I know who would like to be able to eat healthier and lose weight, and who would not want to, or could not, prepare every meal they eat themselves.  These pre-packaged foods are perfect to take w/ you to work.  Just heat, and eat!  

A quick note: There is a nutritionist on-staff, who you may speak with if you have any other concerns that a regular staffer may not be able to address, although Brian was very thorough.  I'm not sure, but I would think that getting a more-personalized menu might be possible.  I'll have to inquire more the next time I stop by to confirm this!
My Fit Foods is a great idea, and the food is great. I really would recommend this place to everyone and have.  I do however have two issues: 1. The lack of variety of sides.  I feel like everything has the same side.  The salmon has broccoli only, for example. 2. The customer service there is so overbearing.  I feel so much pressure by the employees from the minute I walk in. The ask me how I'm doing, have I been there before, do I have any questions, do I need any recommendations, can they hold my food while I'm waiting, etc.  Despite the fact that I have been there several times, they still hound me. I feel the need to be rude to the just so I can take a minute and look around.  Or I just grab the salmon and blot to the register.  It's really an overwhelming feeling, my friends have mentioned it as well. I know they mean well but it would really be a much better atmosphere if they if they acknowledged me, ask if I needed anything and then stepped away. I'm sure people do have questions and would like information about the store, but those customers will present themselves.  Not every consumer needs to be pounced on when they walk in.  Ultimately though, the ease of having a healthy lunch in two minutes is worth putting up with the extraordinary customer service.
I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by for a quick bite - not knowing anything about it. Having been the previous locations of Dish and The Kitchen, I thought it would be something similar... but was surprised to see it was more of a take out / healthy tv dinner concept. I got a great little intro to the place from the staff and purchased their turkey meatloaf/mashed sweet potato recommendation and warmed it up there... YUM! My only hesitation was that the packaging was in plastic... and microwaving plastic just doesn't seem healthy. The prices are reasonable and if you are looking for glutton free - there are a ton of options... however it would be nice if they explored different packaging... maybe the paper boxes? I'd go again for the food, but may opt to bring home and warm up on a plate or in glass...
The food is seriously amazing. Healthy, good fast food is such a rarity. One can eat Subway a few times before you never want to go back. MFF has a nice variety to choose from for any meal. The meal plans are helpful but if you already cook a lot, prolly don't need to do it. I grab a few lunch meals and keep them in my work fridge for the week.
Great awesome fantastic what else can I say. I started getting all of my food breakfast lunch and dinner plus snacks in February now two months or so later I am down 30 pounds and my blood pressure is way down also. Good healthy food and great people what more can you want?
I like eating healthy but like good tasting food too. I stopped in to pick up a quick take out lunch. I liked that they had lots of choices for lower calories than most  healthy choice restaurants. And the food was good. Chicken and sweet potato was pretty tasty. 
What impressed me most were the women who worked there. Very helpful, courteous and gave real recommendations without being pushy. I felt comfortable asking questions and taking my time to choose. 

I  will be back!
I walked in and told the cashier I had never been here before. A customer who over heard me turned around and said this place is great, you will be addicted. I bought a chicken taco bowl for today's lunch and chicken enchiladas for tomorrows lunch (I apparently like Mexican food). Both meals look fabulous and are packaged very nicely. I got back to work and heated the taco bowl up. It was very good. It had lots of flavor and was very fresh. It defiantly did not taste like one of those frozen prepackage meal that I am sure we have all eaten (Healthy Choice, Smart Ones, Lean Cuisine). My only complaint was the price. I feel like 6.95 is a little spendy for the amount of food you get especially when those other pre packaged meals are around $2 a piece. However the whole point of eating fit is portion control. They do have 2 challenges. One is a 3 day challenge for $75 and the other is a 21 day challenge for $500. Each day comes with 2 snacks, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will not be partaking in the challenges but I would defiantly pick up a meal or 2 during the work week for my lunch.
about a minute ago
My Fit Foods was a very unique healthy fast food type of a place.  It is not prototypical fast food in the sense the food is prepared right in front of you real fast.  The food is already made, but there are several selections for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  All of the items are roughly 300 calories or less.  The serving portion is smaller, but it is just right for any normal human being.

I just got finished from playing tennis, and I was hankering something spicy for some reason.  I went with the Indian choice option, and it tasted very much like Indian food, and the best part is that it was very healthy.

You can either heat up the food there in the microwaves or take it home to eat.
A great option in the area if you're looking for healthy, pre-made meals. They have breakfast, snack, lunch and dinner options. I tried the buffalo chicken wrap as well as the salmon. The buffalo chicken wrap was excellent, but at 300 calories, it was half of a wrap with 5 carrots and a side of bleu cheese dressing. Good if you're on a diet for portion control, but may require more food if you're hungry.

For dinner I had the salmon which was delicious. Just about 2 minutes in the microwave and you're set. This meal, on the other hand, completely filled me up.
 
Prices range from $5-10 from what I could see. Very cool concept that I'm sure does well!
Just completed the 21 day challenge today, and I've been dying to write this review! I walked in 21 days ago, intending to just grab a healthy lunch after a friend told me about My Fit Foods. It took me about 5 minutes to be sold on the food (it's stuff I would normally eat anyway!), so I decided to press the easy button and sign up with Molly. This was probably the best decision of my life. 

I am reasonably fit, not considered overweight, and was hoping to lose only 8 lbs. so my clothes would fit better. I have struggled with blood sugar issues, adult acne, sluggishness, and anxiety my whole life but it had gotten particularly bad in the past 6 months. So you could say that I was meant to walk into this place when I did.

On the 21 day challenge, you eat 3 meals a day plus 2 snacks so you are NEVER hungry. At least I wasn't. In fact, it's quite an adjustment to eat on a 3 hour schedule consistently. There were two times where I had to be away from a microwave or whatever for dinner, so I heated up my meals hours earlier and put them in a thermos. I did this for the turkey chili and happily gobbled it up at NYPD while my family chowed down on pizza.

I found the food to be quite tasty, and much of it spicy which I like. I could eat this food the rest of my life and not feel like I'm missing out. But again, I was a pretty healthy eater to begin with.

My results from the 21 day challenge:

* I had really bad caffeine withdrawals the first 5-7 days (no caffeine or alcohol on the plan), not fun. Might want to pare down the caffeine slowly prior to embarking on the 21 day challenge. No alcohol wasn't an issue for me, I just drank caffeine free tea.
* I lost 6.5 lbs, my goal was 8. This was my fault though, because my cheat meals (you are permitted 1 per week) were way overboard. One of them I did a full-on tasting and wine pairing (remember, you're not supposed to drink alcohol for the 21 days!)  I'm just going to continue for a couple more days until I get to my goal.
* My nasal allergies totally stopped. I've had TWO sinus surgeries for chronic sinusitis. This was totally crazy and unexpected, and makes me think that I have food allergies or sensitivities that I need to get tested. I shudder to think I could've avoided two sinus surgeries in 5 years by changing my diet.
* My acne is GONE. Totally gone. I wonder if it was the dairy I was drinking/eating before? 
* My shakiness, night sweats, anxiety, and heart palpitations related to blood sugar fluctuations are completely gone.
* I am WAY calmer with my kids! I really think the caffeine increased my cortisol/stress hormone levels through the roof. You don't realize how dependent you are until you go through withdrawals.
* This is probably the strangest one and too-much-information, but my PMS disappeared too. I searched diet changes & PMS and found that everything that is suggested to ease PMS symptoms are in this diet (reduce caffeine, low fat diet, keep blood sugar stable, take B vitamins). It never even occurred to me that diet & PMS were related.
* I wake up in a good mood and ready to start the day. I have never been a morning person, especially without caffeine. I am addicted to the Fit Foods morning drink (cranberry juice, water, 1/2 squeezed lemon, 1-2 oz liquid B-12, apple cider vinegar). I will drink it the rest of my life!

I can't thank you enough Molly & My Fit Foods!
Okay, this place is amazing. Healthy meals,  gluten-free options, decent portions and you can choose small, medium or large size. Calories right on the packaging. Cut up portions, microwavable containers. 
I love this because at work I sometimes have very brief breaks so I can eat the "snack" portions and then eat a lunch or dinner when I have more time. Great concept, reasonable prices and the food is prepared right there on the other side of a glass wall. Clean prep area so you know what you are getting. 
I'm just mad I discovered this place now after driving by it for a year. Stop in and check it out. They have a 21 day challenge you can take also.
I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  I have been going here for 6 months or so now and I don't know what I would do without it! My husband is equally as obsessed.  It takes some time to figure out what you love and don't love and I even find myself on a "kick" of eating certain meals because it's THAT good! I know some people have an issue with the price but I couldn't make this food at home for the price of a MFF meal (trust me I have tried).  I either throw away uneaten portions, get sick of the same thing over and over again or just can't get it flavorful enough while still keeping it clean, low cal and gluten free.  

Make sure you try to My Fit Cocktail! I am drinking it as I type this review :) 

Since I have started eating gluten free I have had ZERO sinus issues, my autoimmune condition has cleared up and I have lost about 5 pounds.  Try a 21 day challenge and you will never go back!
I'm all about healthy eating... most of the time.  

I'm also all about enjoying some not-so-healthy splurges on occasion; everything in moderation, right?  

And lastly, I'm going on my 38th week of being pregnant, and throughout this pregnancy, I have to admit, I've been extremely time-challenged and not had much desire to cook.  

Enter My Fit Foods...

My husband started picking up some meals and snacks from MFF sometime within the last 10 months.  We've actually given them a ton of business, and I'm sure will continue to do so considering we enjoy the quality of their food, the portion sizes, convenience, the service, etc... oh yeah - and the fact that they are healthy too!

Sure, it can be pricey, and I advise only purchasing what you know you'll eat within a few days.  We've had a few instances where the food sits too long and goes past expiration date and goes to waste.  But, when you plan ahead, MFF really is fabulous.

Some of our favorite dishes:
*Breakfast: protein pancakes and oat bakes - our toddler loves the pancakes and I love the oat bakes!

*Lunch / Dinner: I enjoy most of the salmon and chicken dishes.  The cobb and/or greek salads aren't bad either.  My husband is also a fan of Denyse's Killuh Chili; I have yet to try it though.

*Snacks: almond butter crunch / fit-to-go

***I'm not a big fan of the bars or cookies, and I don't recommend the wrap sandwiches either.  I do however love that they sell Chobani yogurt.  It's my favorite but I purchase it at the grocery store.

As soon as this baby arrives and I'm ready to get fit and drop the lbs I've been putting on, I may consider one of MFF's 21 day challenges.  Let me know if you're interested in joining me!
I have been into My Fit Foods off and on in the past & I have always had a positive outcome.

Recently I have started the 21 day challenge and had the pleasure of meeting with Molly for the FREE nutritional counseling that My Fit Foods offered me. A GREAT added bonus for buying my food here.

I am currently training for a fitness competition next year and I am doing this to try and make an easier transition into the diet and making healthier choices with my diet. 

Molly and the team at My Fit Foods has been great about helping me with this transition. They call to remind me of my pick ups and make it easy for me to get around my likes and dislikes and still stay on track.

I would recommend this to anyone looking to break their bad dietary habits, get back on track and more or less get some good nutritional education. 

Thanks,

Kelly Kristen
A breath of fresh air really...
 I visited MFF for the first time today and the friendly and no pressure staff made it easy. I am just trying it out and bought enough items to last me three days. I actually could not wait to get home to try it out and have my first snack which consisted of cubed chicken, grapes, walnuts as well as orange and grapefruit segments and it was delicious. 

It's hard to fault the quality as everything was super fresh and just perfectly portioned. For dinner I had their chicken with sauteed vegetables and thought it was also quite tasty...As for the price...well it's not exactly cheap but neither is going out to eat --I like the fact the items are prepared fresh and all you have to do is heat it up...I love the time saving factor, the  no messiness of it all and the fact I can plan my meals with ease knowing that will be eating something healthy while accomplishing my fitness goals!
What a great concept MFF is. I ate the food at the Scottsdale location on and off for about a year. Not everyday, but frequently enough to say I was a regular. The menu never changed and I was ok with that - healthy food comes at a cost, and it doesn't always taste great. The results are what matter.
After a year I was so burnt out, I could no longer force the bland meals down. I had a few favorites that I would come back to, but overall there wasn't much change. 
Then I went to MFF in Southlake, Texas this past Christmas. The meals were great and I was excited that they changed the menu and added some new items. 
Fast forward to this week. I had some of those same new items at the Scottsdale location. The Pork Tacos were so tough, fatty and overcooked that I threw away the whole meal. Angry. The corn tortillas are rock hard after you microwave them. Absolutely pathetic food. 
I was also disappointed that the breakfast staple "Good Morning Sunshine" had been changed. She told me they now add tomato sauce to the ground turkey. Terrible idea. 
I've decided that the chefs at the Scottsdale location use low quality ingredients and don't cook up to the standard of other MFF locations. 
Time to try Sunfare here in AZ.
First off, I would like to say that I was kinda upset at myself that it took me 12 days (out of 14) to discover this place. 

I walked in about 10 minutes before they closed, I hate doing this but I was starving. The 2 young ladies were more than helpful and willing to stay open a little later for me. 

I am currently enjoying the Paleo diet. If you don't know about it look it up. But it is kinda a pain to do when you are traveling. OK its a huge pain. This store though helped me out. Wish I would have found it earlier. 

They cater there food to different diet restrictions, paleo, gluten free... you get the gist. 

The have all meals covered, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I didn't think that I would be full with the large portion so I purchased the large and medium. It was a wise choice. I took home (hotel room)some pork and some chicken. Popped them in the micro and BAM hot food! 

If you can eat anywhere or anything, this might not be your best stop. BUT if your looking for ready made Paleo food...STOP HERE!!!
I have been going to My Fit Foods for about 6 months, I have referred several people and love the concept.  Sadly, after one more inconsistent meal, I've given up.  The first few months were great but since then, inconsistent meals every time!  

I mentioned the inconsistencies on a few occasions but it has not improved. The breakfast tacos were my favorite but on several occasions the spice was so overpowering and hot that I couldn't even enjoy them.  (And I LOVE really hot SPICY food, these were beyond spicy hot, today, they were inedible).  The corn shells were apparently old as they completely crumbled and would have needed to be eaten with a fork.  They were already broken apart when I opened the container so I find it hard to believe whomever was preparing the food didn't realise there was an issue.

I really wanted to love this place..... great concept and everyone that works there is beyond friendly!  They just really need to work on consistency of their meals and quality of food being used. :(
Love this place. Perfectly portioned meals in small, medium and large. Not to mention 21 day challenge is awesome. U only have to pay for the food not the nutritionist advice. They make everything fresh and super easy for u to go in and pick up. Great drinks too. Healthy versions of soda that tastes like soda but without the bad additives and sugar. I will keep coming back!!!!
Great Value!  I highly recommend!

This was formerly a Taco Del Mar which I stopped going to because of the price.  

I had lunch there today before going into Sprouts.  Today is a Saturday.  During the week they sell very reasonably priced lunch specials which I have never had, but if they are anything like the $3.00 chicken tostada that I got, they are an excellent deal and very tasty too!

Environment: The huge menu is lively with colors and easy to read.  Over all, a comfortable place to have a quick meal.  For "groups" I answered no because it is a small place and the largest table I think sits about 4.  The only think that didn't work for me was the Hispanic music played in the background, but that is to be expected.  

Staff: Friendly and helpful.  When he asked me if I wanted beans on my tostada, I said just a little and that's exactly what he did.  I even got extra cilantro and a few wedges of lime on the side.

Food:  Very good.  The plate is full and appealing to the eye.  They use romain lettuce as well as iceberg which I was impressed with.  Seasoning and temperature of the food was good.  They use good quality plastic plates which I was impressed with.  However, the to-go container is a one size fits all.  They might want to get some small ones as well.

Price: Excellent.  On the way out the door, I noticed a large poster laid out on the table advertising a new $5.00 meal deal.  So, looks like the good deals on this tasty food is soon to get even better!
This restaurant is horrid.  We went when they were within the first couple of weeks of opening.  They had lunch specials that included a drink, and there were flyers all over advertising it, but when I ordered it they said the drink was no longer included.  What?  The chips are the cheapo corn chips you get for $1 a bag at the grocery store.  The only thing that was good was the salsa bar; otherwise they are not worth going to.  The people behind the counter have no idea what is going on.
I usually like to start off my reviews with the positive, so here it goes. 
Value is definitely the highlight of this place as there's some really good deals on select days. I think it's 2.99 burritos on Mondays, free churros on Tuesdays, and kids eat free on Sundays? I'm sure there are other daily specials, but I can't remember all of them. They also have a good salsa bar with pico, onions, cilantro, peppers, and a few different types of salsa (depending on the hotness level). Food was like okay. i wouldn't salivate or dream about it or anything. 

Now to the part that kind of made me cringe:sanitation.  I went to bathroom and they ran out of soap! Actually, they didn't even have a soap cartridge inside the dispenser. Also, the hygiene of ppl serving food was a little bit questionable. Example: the dude put on gloves (good), but then with the same gloves he touched the food, bills, and the cash register without changing them once. Now that is just disgusting. 

Let me say this before people think I'm being too harsh. I've had street food in Mexico, Vietnam, Korea, Phillippines, and Indonesia. If you ever had street food in those countries, then you know damn well you may be risking some unfavorable bowel movements later. I'm not being picky, but I just don't want to get food poisoning and throw up for a good 2 days straight. That is all.
I found this place completely by accident and it was great!  I have been going pretty much once a week since discovering taco caliente. I love that you can choose from about 4-5 different meats and everything is completely fresh. .... Nothing is fried!  The service is good and the owner always stops to chit chat with me.  The salsa bar is pretty good and the hot is actually hot!  Love it!  Can't wait to go this week!  
The only thing is that I wish they were open later but I know they just opened recently.  Hopefully, they'll extend their hours soon. :)
I was invited by the owner to come since I gave a negative review when they were under different management and the name Taco Caliente.  Plus, I had a 50% off any entree coupon, so I gave them a try.  Well, they are better than Taco Caliente was, but not by much.  I ordered corn tacos with chicken, carne asada, and shredded beef.  The shredded beef was actually quite good.  The chicken was the worst--it was dry and crusty in parts.  The carne asada was so-so.  Not much flavor.  It is nice that they come with guacamole and sour cream for no extra charge.  The salsa bar was not there.  Another customer came in and asked when it would be back and the owner/worker said something about not being sure.  I am guessing it is not homemade salsas.  
Unfortunately, I won't be going back.
This place has a great value and yummy flavors. I got a mini taco combo with chile verde pork, shredded chicken, and shredded beef.

Pork: tasty, good flavor 
Chicken: bland, meh
Beef: SO GOOD! Seriously, this took me back to my childhood with the same taste of a place a grew up with.

Salsas
Red hot: taste like too much paprika or something, I didn't like it
Hot green: yum! Nice flavors.

I'll be back for sure!
Baby girl was feeling tacos so I checked my trusty Yelp app & found Taco4U close by with decent reviews. Easy to find and the location is clean. The lady who helped us was very pleasant & personable. She recommended the green chili pork so I gave it a try. I actually got it in the burrito-enchilada style so I can try their red sauce too. Baby girl got the 2 hard taco place with beans & beans. Our experience here was pleasant but the food is kinda blah, it was good but nothing to break the heavenly trumpets out for. I wasn't too impressed with the hard tacos even though they looked appealing. The red sauce though was pretty authentic so if your looking for "authentic red sauce" this place has a pretty good grasp on it. When we roll all Mexican we like to flavor the culture so a horchata & a Jamaica did the job for wetting our whistles. Unfortunately, they aren't freaking awesome so again-no trumpets gloriously playing to their awesomeness. Last but not least the bill. Kept it under $20 for 2 meals & 2 drinks which is always good. Checked in w my phone app so I had a 25% off $10 or more bill to use. Not exactly sure but the way the bill reads I got 25% off 1 item. Hmmmmm.......this is me scratching my head. Still in search for the most amazing, horn tutting, authentic Mexican fiesta I can find. This close to the border & I can't find good grub, WT........
I want here for lunch yesterday. It was really affordable, delicious, & walking distance from my house. I will be returning there soon.
Good value overall, their specials are phenomenal with free churros, 2.99 plates and kids eat free days. The bad thing is the service, it's not exactly the warmest or friendliest. My daughter and I got the 3.99 specials one was 3 mini tacos, the other was a burrito both with drinks. Not bad at all for the price.
First things first....I'm a taco snob.  I've traveled all of the border towns from Tijuana to Juarez and have eaten a ton of legit tacos in each town.

I bought the 6 taco Groupon and gave this one a go.

The Good:  Lots of food for the money.  I had 6 tacos of varying types of meat and ended the afternoon legally stuffed.  Definitely a bit bigger than the standard street taco and the tortillas were double-wrapped.

The Bad:  My meal consisted of carne asada, chicken, regular carnitas, and Green Chile (pork).  Corn tortillas with pico, onion, cilantro, and mild green/red salsas.  All but the last one were flavorless.  Like boiled meats.  Like crockpot meat with no seasoning and too much water.  In fact, if you blindfolded me and told me to take a bite of each, it would have been difficult to discern which was which.  I was sorely disappointed.  The only half-decent savior was the Green Chile (pork) which was more spicy than flavorful.  Still, it was something after the five strikes before.

I'd love to recommend some EXCELLENT spots in Phoenix to the people who rate this 4-5 stars, but I realize that's not the point of this post. (You folks have no idea what you're missing, though!)

My recommendation to this restaurant:  Fix your meats.
Cheddar cheese is NOT Mexican!
Excellent! I had a groupon so I thought we would give it a try.
So glad we did. 
Love the chipoltle chicken tacos! 
This is a great option for healthy Mexican food made fresh to order. 
I am only sad I dudnt try it sooner! 
Excellent customer service too. 
I have found a New favorite!
This place used to be a Taco Del Mar and it was awesome. Anyway I was really craving taco del mar and thought is give this place a try.


I got cheese enchiladas. The lady made them and rolled them up and then put them in the microwave.......I almost left right then. Really the microwave? What am I paying you for I can make crappy enchiladas at home. And as I expected they were pretty bad.

Everything here is just super bland. The rice, the red sauce, the beans etc. Its usually easy to tell a place is going to be bad when the only change half the sign from the old restaurant. Taco del Mar....into.....Taco4U.  

There are plenty of good Mexican food places around this just isn't one of them.
Great place. Great price. Staff was super friendly and nice. They have a lot of selection to choose from. My kids are super picky and they even found something to eat and loved it. Nice quick taco place other then Taco Bell.
We came here because we got a good groupon for us and the kids. After readings the yelp reviews I was a little apprehensive because they weren't great but they are wrong!! We had a great time and the service was outstanding! It was only two ladies working so it was a little slow when they got busy but the food is so worth the wait! The chipotle chicken, carne asada, regular chicken, and guacamole are awesome! And the kids think the quesadilla was rad! I definitely recommend tacos4u!! :)
I am so happy Papa Murphy's came to our part of town! For newbies like me, they create the pizza in shop and you take it home and bake it. It is perfect for me and the boyfriend as they will make a pizza 3/4 pepperoni with no complaints leaving me happy with cheese and him happy with pepperoni. The staff is friendly. The coupons or deals are normally pretty good. It is more expensive than the Domino's $5 large, but I think the quality shows. Love being able to cook the pizza as long as I like. For fast food, I think Papa Murphy's is hard to beat.
This PM franchise is owned by a nice couple from Oregon, and they clearly care about their customers.  When the wife is working, this place is the friendliest joint in town.  I have zero complaints about the service here when she's working.  (And the pizza is pretty darn good, too.)

Her team of young ladies, however, can sometimes be a little more detached.  It's great that they're helpful, but they are inconsistent with the "Take 'N' Bake Club" stamps (their rewards program for repeat purchases), and I have been shorted my proper stamps several times.  Mentioning this to the owner yielded no empathy, so points off for that.  I deserve my recognition for coming back and buying more pizza, thank you.

Their freshness is the key here, and what makes this chain of pizza purveyors different seems to be the quality of the ingredients.  Love the rich, robust sauce, the cheese (which is NOT greasy - yay!), and the fresh mushrooms.  Food for thought: Canned mushrooms are a punishment for those people willing to settle for crap pizza.  And we enjoy the "de-lite" selections of thin-crust pizzas when we need to dial back the carb intake.

As a side note, the other poster, Katherine, obviously didn't know about the Thunderbird or Union Hills locations (run by different owners), but Papa Murphy's' has been around for awhile now.  

Bottom line: The pizza is very good, but come during the day when the owners are there.  It's a better experience.
When this one first opened we got pizza twice a both times it made my boyfriend and I sick!
This is kind of a neat concept but I've heard people say they order pizza so they won't have to cook.  Well, if you order delivery, you have to WAIT, so listen up!

My fiance' and I went in to pick up a couple of pizzas off of their coupon specials.  We were greeted at the door by the owner.  She walked us through the process (since we had never done this before) which was extremely simple.  We ordered, we waited about 5 minutes and our pizzas were ready, freshly prepared right in front of us.

We got home, stuck one of them in the oven (the other in the freezer for later) and it was ready in about 15 minutes.  Quicker than delivery!  BEST PIZZA I'VE PROBABLY EVER HAD!  The ingredients were fresh, the crust was amazing and I will be a regular!  

Don't think you want to cook it yourself?  Then suffer with the bad pizza deliveries out there, I'm going to Papa Murphy's!  =)
This place works if you do not have time to prepare healthy means for yourself. We have ordered 3 times. The common theme is spicy with little flavor. Most dishes I had have been spicy or heavy on the garlic. The portion sizes are small which can help you manage your weight if you still to the meal plan.
My new addiction on healthy ... and not only is this place healthy... its good for you ... it's a treat for your body... your senses... and packaged in a way that travels well for someone on the go ... say if your a fly girl like me! I have been to all 3 stores in the valley. I like the one near me on Shea and Tatum. It doesn't have the 'kitchen' but everyone is friendly and helpful. In fact, the last time the guy walked out my Fit Foods purchase to my car. How's that for service! I have my favorite foods like Brian's Enchiladas, which at the small portion size is perfect for me. I love the Salmon and Pear Salsa ...again I get the small portion size but it comes in medium and large and all are calorie and serving breakdown conscious. I am on a gluten free diet lately for health reasons affiliated with migraines. These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when I shared that with them. I don't think the price is off at all.. it's fresh and it's healthy and if you went to buy and prepare this on your own you would be spening the same or more. Worth the trip... I hope MyFitFoods opens more stores.. My heart adores!
This place is great...i was skeptical at first, because i thought "microwavable" would suck! however i gave the place a chance & i've been eating these great already portioned tasty meals for the past 2 weeks..

The food has alot of flavour & i'm so surprised it still tastes so good in the microwave..this is perfect for bachelors, people on the go, or trying to manage their weight.

Service is excellent as well. Love the concept!
The food is very good, but what even better are the people.

I needed their help and Todd the manager step-up and was there for me.  My hat go out to this business for going the extra mile.
I may never cook again!  I went in to pick up lunch for today and got so excited to see whole food, gluten free, all ready prepared and fresh that I left with 7 meals for $50.00!  
All the employees were so nice and helpful!  I spoke to several personnel and they were all well educated on their products and services.  Thanks for your great attitudes!
A wonderful idea for a fit person on the go or just someone who wants to eat a good meal. Affordable - great portions, and a super friendly and helpful staff every time. Thank you Chaz and Ida!
At first I thought this would be a good alternative to frozen microwave meals, like Lean Cuisine.  I rationalized that I would be eating freshly prepared meals that were good for me, without having to prepare anything.  After eating the prepared dishes at every meal, for several days in a row, I noticed I was craving water in massive amounts.  I literally could not stop drinking water. I realized that the only thing that was different was the food from My Fit Foods.  So, I actually sat down and read the nutrition label for some of the things I bought.  Every dish was sky high in sodium!  One dish was supposed to constitute 70% of my daily intake of sodium and 30% of my daily intake of cholesterol.  I was floored.  I thought the dishes were healthy.  While many of them have good fats, are high in protein, and have decent amounts of fiber, there are TONS that are loaded with sodium, cholesterol, and saturated fats. Be very careful when you choose what dishes to buy.  The prices are also extremely high.  Additionally, I think most of the meals are much too spicy (I'm convinced that the over abundance of spices is to cover up bland flavor).

If you decide that you absolutely have to order food from them, go online and click on the low sodium tab to see their choices for low sodium dishes.  There are only a few choices, but it would be a shame to lose weight and then develop a heart condition later on.
My wife and I started  the 21 day challenge after Thankgiving. We both loved all the meals and the snacks in between. This was the first time I've  ever dieted and I also started exerciseing and lifting weights for the first time. I initially wanted to start on the program not because I had a lot of weight to lose, but I wanted to get in a routine of eating healthy and avoiding the junk food. I feel so much better and have a lot more energy. I lost 11lbs. in the first three weeks and my wife lost 10lbs. Since finishing the challenge I've lost an additional 9lbs. I plan on continueing to eat heathy and exercising . It really is a lifestyle ! My wife and I plan on continueing to visit the store for our favorite meals and my chocolate protein shake.Thanks to Leah and the staff at My Fit Foods, they were very helpful with our questions and with any concerns we had. Love you guys, you changed our lives forever !!!
I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
I went to visit this store for the first time last night because I was starving and didn't have time to cook dinner. Wow! I was so surprised! This place is the most amazing quick lunch/dinner store I have ever been to.  I got the fresh Salmon and Chicken Fruit Bowl. The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious.  The big surprise was the salad I got for the next day...Sriracha Chicken Salad. I had to work at the office 11 hours straight and didn't know if I was going to make it without lunch, then I remembered I had bought a salad from My Fit Foods...I opened it and the entire office kept asking me how it was because it smelled so good. Needless to say it got me through the day and saved my energy!
I have been wanting to try My Fit Foods for sometime now and am excited to share this review with you. We all lead super busy lives and with that comes the convenience of Fast Food. With working 10 hour days and then spending an hour at the gym it can be hard to prepare healthy dinners. This has always been my biggest struggle. My boyfriend has always been super supportive and often helps out with the cooking but even his schedule can make it hard at times. My fit foods solves this problem! The meals are healthy and properly portioned. They are not frozen and are labeled with expiration dates. The only down fall is this sometimes means making multiple trips to the my fit foods store. This is a small inconvenience that is worth the pain in order to receive fresh meals. When I first did my research and read reviews I became worried about the sodium content of the meals. The sales lady in the store however put my mind at ease by showing me how the meals are coded. They take all diet and health restrictions into account and have a nutritionist on site to help with these concerns. My fit foods is reasonable (roughly around $7 dollars a meal), I received a discount for being a fitness Instructor, they are healthy, and they taste really good! I highly recommend them.
What an amazing idea! The food was outstanding, portioned, and super convenient! I WILL be back. 

Joe was super helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable about the company! We enjoyed great conversation and great food! Thanks Joe!
I'm so glad there's a place like this that exists! I went there for the first time today and it was so good. The place is clean and the customer service was great. I wish I got the young ladies name that helped me. She took the time to tell me how everything worked as well as a bit of background to how the meals are prepared which I appreciate.  You know your getting nothing but the best when the food is fresh. You can either heat the food there or if you work or live nearby you can just take it home.  I'll definitely be back again since I work down the street.  Thank you for the great customer service :)
Ive never been to a place with this concept, and going in i had actually no idea how it really worked. I got there and they layout is super simple but very neat. When I went in I clearly had the most confused look on my face and this super sweet blonde helped me right away. The food was awesome and still tasted amazing after being reheated in the microwave. Not too pricey either!
I am so glad I found this place! Ready made meals that are healthy, fresh, and don't taste bad! Where has this concept been all my life? I have probably cut my average daily caloric intake in half (at least) by getting my food here and I don't feel hungry. When I first looked at their website, I saw that the food came in different portions and assumed that the "small" was going to be like three bites and that's why it was so low calorie. Wrong! I honestly can eat three of these a day with maybe a snack and not feel hungry.

Between working full time and my other regular activities (plus being single and only having myself to feed) cooking just doesn't really fit into my schedule. I tend to eat out way too often, and I was feeling really unhealthy and gaining weight. I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food. 

It isn't cheap, but if your previous lifestyle was like mine, neither was that. If you compare the prices to a family buying in bulk or a student living off ramen and spaghetti, then yes, it's ridiculously expensive. If you compare it to going out to dinner several times a week and grabbing lunch out someplace regularly, it's the same price or cheaper. 

I'm still in the process of trying things and figuring out what I like and what I don't, but so far I have found a fair amount of things that taste good. I add hot sauce to a lot of things or a little salt and pepper, but really, they do a pretty good job.
This place will give you a pre-packaged meal with about the same amount and quality of food as a frozen diet meal. And just like a diet meal, it shows the calorie count, and nutrition info. Only instead of paying about two dollars for a healthy choice or smart one's meal, they charge closer to nine dollars. I thought it was a rip off. The food tastes a lot like a tv dinner. And I was turned off by the fact that they offer to microwave it for you. I will not be returning to spend nine bucks on a one of their overpriced tv dinners.
NOW that I have been to all of the My Fit Foods stores.. I have to say I will review this one NOT on concept...Because the concept...I love... and it works! ... For someone like me... a traveler...a single, fit girl, who has a food allergy and who likes fresh...easy and now... (and by the way...THIS isn't comparing to ANY frozen diet food , hence the other review!.... EVER eat fresh and healthy....Lean Cuisine...frozen and sodium laced with a bunch of preservatives...??? Read your labels, girl!...) This is my go to happy place now! For usually less than $6, I can have a nice fresh, gluten healthy meal that is savvy and diet friendly. I yup that with a nice tossed salad of my making and voila, I have my own need and want to splurge come weekend date time! So with that in mind. This location is just a bit on the 'hover craft' side. But I still like them. Who knows if they are on a commission ... or the 'boss' was lurking in the back watching the staff. I did not like being asked every 10 seconds if I was okay. I said I was okay and I am STILL okay now.. haha... and get this.. I will be in about 1 minute! Can't blame the unfriendly and over helpful though..in these times that is a little hard to come by. My Fit Foods is a great concept. NOW if My Fit Foods could take over the fast food nation maybe America would not be the worlds most obese nation...oh well...it's a dream!
This place is GREAT!  People here are friendly and helpful.  I'm always greeted with a smile, and if I have any questions, they are ready and able to answer.  It's a small store with food in the fridge that was obviously prepared with care and attention.  The food is divided up into meals; breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It is fresh, tasty and will satisfy you with a variety of  choices.  As a vegetarian, I too have many choices and always feel as if I've had a gourmet meal, not just  boring stuff I would slap together for myself. ( There is plenty  variety for the carnivore too!)The prices are very, very reasonable, and very affordable.  

I also bought some snack bars with low calories and high on taste.  These were probably less expensive than bars you would normally get in larger stores, and they are better quality as far as calories and nutrition go. 

I have often thought of visiting each morning and buying three meals a day just to stay healthy. It' would probably be less expensive than all that I spend at Fry's.

I HIGHLY recommend My Fit Foods..
Always on it when I come in before my multi day trips. Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready. I love that this My FF is open on Ray so I don't have to drive up to PV anymore! The staff is knowledgable and always helpful. Love the B12 mix. Always good for flying red eyes and not landing sluggish. Being healthy is a choice and MY FF makes it easy and convenient! Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ? Someday?
I couldn't tell what this place was exactly from the storefront's appearance and name so curiosity got the best of me and I finally went in today.  Great concept!  The woman inside was very nice and helpful in explaining the program to me.  I bought 3 meals to take home and try:  Butternut Pork, Forbidden Chicken and Herb Roasted Chicken.  The pork and the Herb Roasted Chicken both came with the same vegetables; carrots and zucchini.  

My honest opinion??  Not good.  Even with BBQ sauce on the chicken and the veggies...I did not enjoy.  The chicken had a strange 'old' taste and the veggie had no detectable seasoning on them.  They were very bland and strangely, seemed to have absorbed whatever the strange 'old' taste was from the chicken.  The pork had the same weird taste and bland veggies.  I did not enjoy this either.  

The broccolini and rice from the Forbidden Chicken meal were ok.  But the chicken was the exact same as the Herb Roasted, same exact seasoning.  Again, did not enjoy.

I feel confident that the other meals must be better than these because if they all tasted this way, noone would eat here.

Again, I love the concept, and the woman inside was very nice.  I think the prices are ok too, provided the food is fresh, seasoned and enjoyable.  But what I tried tonight was very hard to swallow.  

I am hopeful that I can go back tomorrow and discuss my troubles with someone understanding who might let me 'exchange' the yucky stuff and try some other options.  I understand that every business has a bad day once in a while.  

I really do want to be able to enjoy this place.  Hopefully I can change my rating to a better one!

We'll see!
I still love My Fit Foods. This place is a FRESH food concept different than any other around, & yes, that does mean another Fresh place with foods costing nearly the same. The difference here is, that the food is made fresh and take a look... The ingredients are not processed! It's not a sodium-laden frozen food meal you grab at a grocery store and it lasts into next year, this actually is clean-eating. For those of us who care about what we put into our bodies or with serious allergies, that's very important. Tonight I brought my boyfriend here to stock up on the next five days of meals. Why? Well, because we need a little revamping of our diets and why not get back to clean eating and doing what is good for the body? No. A frozen lean cuisine isn't as good for you as you think; read the label:) What I love, besides that it's made fresh , and local, is that you can order and pick it up when your ready and they will adhere to any allergy or dietary needs that you have. Kombucha !!
Excellent service is what stands out to me for Project Pie. Friendly staff and a commitment to customer satisfaction - more than the pizza itself - is what makes this place a gem. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is pretty good, but the service is top notch. Case in point - I ordered a $12 build-your-own pie yesterday for lunch. When it arrived at my table, the manager came over and apologized that it got slightly burned around the edges. I said it was no big deal, and he informed me that they were replicating my pie - that's right, an entire second one - for FREE for me to take. How could I say no?! 

With the build-your-own-option, you can literally put whatever you like on your 'za. The roasted red peppers and artichoke hearts are definitely winners. I removed pretty much all the chicken from my pie(s), though, because it was a little questionable and not so tasty. Not sure I would go for any of the other meat toppings, actually. But sticking to the cheeses and veggies is not a bad idea! Good food and service for the money.
Found this place by accident, but it was a happy tummy accident.

The decor is trendy and clean, the sofa looks very comfy ( maybe that's the other reason for us to dine there after long day of walking.)

Menu is simple, it was listed on the wall you can either by Number for some popular pie choices, or you can go with $12 to create your own pizza with unlimited toppings.

It is just like a Subway line, you will see the staff make the dough ( the machine will flat the dough) then you can pick all the fresh ingredients to add to the pie.The cook will put the pie to the open fire oven, about 5 minutes later, the pie is ready to eat.

We  were looking for a afternoon snack and this was just perfect, fresh made pie, the portion is good for 2 people to share. we also add a Cesar sale for $5; as I was craving for some crisp veggie after huge meals in the trip.

A good place to take a break from the Strip and slot machines, while you are there, check out the interesting quotes on the wall.

Staff were very friendly, they came to tables and talk to all the guests. So we learned this restaurant is only 6 weeks old, but they are already looking to expand to different states in the coming year. Hope there will be one in S.CA soon.
Where have you been all of my life? Seriously bro.

In all of about 3 minutes prepare to have your mind blown. You can get a customized, fantabulous, mind blowing, perfect texture chewing, amazing tasting, anything you friggin' want on it pizza made. Everything is fresh! Including the dough! Put all of this together and I think I may have a.) fallen in love all over again, and b.) found my (cue echo voice) favorite pizza place ever!

I love Project Pie and can't wait to go back. They have all sorts of signature pizzas or you can venture on the wildside and build your own. No matter what you order the price is the same. I went with a customized extra cheese, pineapple, sausage, and meatball pizza for my first try. I love that it's made flat bread style (not an actual flat bread, but thin crust), so you're getting a crispy pizza with 100% fresh ingredients made to order. No frozen cheese or processed ingredients here.

Honestly, is $12 a little expensive for a personal pan pizza? Maybe a touch. But let's not forget we're on the Las Vegas Strip where a pizza with far less quality would probably cost twice as much. And this isn't some mini-sized pizza that isn't enough grub for a 3 year old. This is a good sized personal pizza that I struggled to get through. So there is some value here.

The staff worked fast and was very friendly. Definitely didn't feel like I was eating "fast food" even though the order came out quicker than a McDonald's double cheeseburger. 

Do your pizza pallet a favor and make an effort to try this place out!
Had to check this place out because of the amazing smell! Great place to eat in the MGM Grand with out breaking the bank!
Wow... I've been curious about the whole "create your own pizza in front of you" concept for awhile, and this was not only neat to see, it was definitely great pizza.  

Ordered up a pretty non-traditional BBQ chicken pizza, and watched as they pulled out the dough, pressed it in a machine, topped it off generously, and then finally sent it to the gas-oven to get cooked.  The final 12-inch pie that came out was super thin with a slight limp on the crust near the center, and crisp on the very outer edge.  

Flavorful, fast, and quite fresh, I have to say this is some great pizza!  While some articles have the owner maketing this as "neapolitan like", I'd have to disagree and say that this is pretty far from a traditional neapolitan style pizza...

But that doesn't make it bad.... to the contrary, the pizza is delicious from crust to toppings.  If only I had more free time in Vegas, I would've come back for a few more meals.

Verdict:  If you're looking for a purist Neapolitan pie, this isn't it.  But if you want some delicious pizza that's fast, fresh, and flavorful, you've found your place.  It's a shame a gem like this is hidden in the lower levels of MGM.  I hope your business goes well and I look forward to coming back for more pizzas!
I am very picky about pizza.  This is awesome freshly made thin crust pizza!  Please open one in Mountains Edge!! I have brought others here and they love it too!
This place is hidden down in the basement of MGM. It's in between the self-park lot and the lobby.

The first thing I noticed is the restaurant is very Chipotle-ish. There's a pretty simple menu, and everything is the same price. We did a custom pizza, which is also very chipotle. The put the raw dough in a big gadget thing that squooshes? spins? it out into a perfect circle. They put some olive oil on it and asked what kind of sauce, if we wanted, then went down the line telling the guy what toppings we wanted. They threw it in the open oven right behind the service line and our pizza came out shortly after.

Overall I gotta say the Pizza is really good. The crust is nice, thin and crispy, just the way I like it. If you like Deep-dish or thick crust pizza, this is not the place to go. The toppings were all fresh and tasted great as well. We got a Cesar salad for some extra greenage, but it was pretty bleagh. 

Great job on the pizza, and an awesome friendly staff!
Looking for a quick late night spot? This place does personal pizzas for $12 with unlimited toppings (you can split between 2 people). They are cooked on a thin dough almost like a tortilla. Which means it cooks quickly and has a nice crispy crunch!
This place is in the walkway from the parking garage into the main lobby of MGM Grand. The place is pretty hip. It has a modern diner feel. Quotes are printed along the walls. They have super low couches. I'm 5'2 and Inhit my knee on the table a few times while waiting.  I Came here after Lady Gaga's concert with some friends. We called to see what time they closed and it about 10 minutes. Since the pizza's are designed by the consumer, we had to be there to place the order, so we ran downstairs and made it just in time. The run there was definitely worth it. We got there and they were totally cool, no one had a snotty attitude that we were there just as they were about to close. They had great service. They explained how everything worked. 

There's a little menu on the window for you to choose from or you can build your own pizza. You can get a personal cheese pizza for $10 or you can get whatever you want on your pizza for $12. They have a spread which is a like a butter sauce, so if you don't want red sauce, you have another option. The toppings include different cheeses, italian sausage, chicken, red peppers, yellow peppers, artichokes, Gorgonzola, , mushrooms, bell peppers, pineapple, black olives, pesto, garlic and more.  I got half cheese with green bell peppers and pineapple, which tasted really good. The other half was bbq chicken which was not mine, but was tasty to my friend. The pizza is made thin and has crispy edges, which is something I love when I eat pizza. The crunch is not too much but just right. I'm so glad we got to eat here. Now I know where to go whenever I go back to MGM.
yay, my 100th review!   Glad I'm writing a positive review for Project Pie in the MGM Grand.  Their pizzas are one of the best deals on the strip! For 12$ you get to build your own pizza with unlimited toppings and its ready in less then 5 minutes.  Awesome. I ate there twice.  The pizzas are all one size, thin crust, i was able to share with friend and still was full, but if i was really hungry i could have inhaled the entire pizza myself.   They have your standard toppings and also some more less common toppings like roasted bell peppers, Gorgonzola cheese, and dates.  I thought their toppings were high  quality.  The only complaint that I had was that both times the pizza could have come out a lot hotter.  I think because I piled on a ton of toppings  it didn't get heated thru all the way in there brick oven.  I'm sure I could have brought it to their attention and they would have heated up for me, but it really wasn't that bad , it still tasted super good.  The staff at project pie were all very cheerful and attentive. Its located on the lower level between self park and escalators up to the lobby. Odd location so they don't get that busy.  I'm sure if location was more  central they would be full house all the time.  but nice, modern, hip vibe.  I will definitely be back!
SO GOOD!!! Sausage, Mushrooms and basil... and it came out QUICK!!!
The size is just right for 2 and the price was reasonable for a resort pizza place.

Everyone working on this stop was friendly and helpful. I wanted to hug each of them.

If you are in a hurry, this is an excellent stop.
if you want to sit and people watch, you are in luck as well.

ENJOY!!!!!
What a simple and fun concept. You watch them make your pizza in front of you, put whatever you want on it, and 2 minutes later, it's in and out of the wood-fired oven. 

There isn't enough seating in this small Underground location. 

Project Pie could be a nationwide chain one day.
Pizza HEAVEN. Located in the Underground of MGM, it reminds me of a Chipotle where you stand in line and order everything from your tortilla to your salsa. Only here, you choose your pizza, a sauce from heaven disguising itself as an herb sauce poured over the pizza dough, pesto or marinara, and any kind of topping you'd wish for on a pizza. Unlimited toppings for a personal pizza at the price of $12. Your creation gets assembled in front of your eyes and you have delicious, and I mean DELICIOUS pizza within minutes. 

I have a feeling I will be craving this place again and again.
Love the concept!  This is a quick, choose your topping - ready in 5 minutes and blasted in a 800 degree firebrick pizza oven.  Best of all, the ingredients are all fresh and they taste great!  The heat must help bring the flavors out.  There isn't much variety in the pizza dough, it's all thin crust, but you can choose any toppings you want at no extra cost, and all for $12.  Also like that they have different sauces available as well as the variety of toppings.  It's fast food, similar to subway or chipotle, so they have the system pretty much worked out. 

Location wise, it's in the basement of the MGM Hotel, so unless you're staying there it isn't all that convenient which is a negative, and only open until 11pm, 1am on Fri-Sat.  But if you're staying nearby or at the MGM, it's worth going to.  Service is good, with energetic young college age kids serving the pizza up.  When I went there the first time, the girl accidentally dropped the pizza topside down on the floor after taking it out of the oven and had to start over.  She was apologetic and handled it well, though, but I doubt this happens a lot.  Definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area.
I seriously am IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE.  Only problem?  They are in Las Vegas and I live in Olympia.  I wonder if it is a franchise? maybe I could open one up?  Dreaming........

So I found this place on yelp and am so glad I did.  We were in Vegas for 3 days and with all of the choices we had we ate there twice for lunch.

It is just a cool place hidden downstairs of the MGM.  They feature several standard pizzas and then you can add as many toppings as you want on top of those or make up your own pie altogether. 12 for unlimited toppings and the pizza is a tad bigger than a personal size.  The toppings were so fresh and plentiful. No skimping here.

The staff working there were incredibly nice both times we went.  Very efficient, friendly, and nice.  We enjoyed chatting with them, even if the guy that ran the oven didnt appreciate the Seattle Sounders (wth!!!)

I love the ambiance with the quotes on the wall and comfy lounge seating.

I am afraid my love affair with this place will have to end because otherwise I will spend all of my time dreaming of the next time I go to Vegas to get more Project Pie.

DELICIOUS! I am a pizza snob and I would rate this right up in my top 3 best pizzas ever.
I've eaten a lot of pizza in my lifetime... This is the freakin best I've had!! Create your own and be amazed with your own creation!!...whatever it may be...
Cheap, FAST, and amazingly good.  They have pizzas on a menu to choose from or you can build your own.  All for the same price.  Located in the basement of MGM Grand.
This is an interesting place.  It's sort of like Chipotle or Qdoba, but with pizza.  They have about 10 or so pizzas you can order, and you can add toppings as you please.  Or, you can just create your own.  A personal pie that's about 12 inches was $12.  And, it creates 4 substantial slices.  It's a good-sized meal.  Also, they are thin, so baked very quickly, which was nice.  They have a pretty good system for moving people through the line.

I had the BBQ chicken pizza and a slice of the "meat lovers" pizza.  I put that in quotes because I can't remember the name of it, but it was the pizza with a bunch of different meats on it.  I highly recommend both.  The BBQ comes with a large amount of chicken and BBQ sauce.  The sauce is slightly sweet with a good tang.  I added jalapenos which were perfect.  The meat lovers was equally good.  I like Project's red sauce, it had more flavor than some pizza sauces.  Also, they do not skimp on the toppings.  If you are at MGM Grand and need a quick bite, you can do a lot worse than Project Pie, and I don't know that you can do a whole lot better.  Highly recommended.
This was our favorite stumbled-upon find, while searching for the monorail (useless useless creature) at 12:30AM. 

Unlimited toppings on a 12" pie for $12? Score! Then when I found out we could have half-half toppings, I melted into a choices-galore hot mess. I'm glad my SO was craving a vanilla milkshake ($4) that night. They made it to order (so it actually took a little longer than our pizza), and was huge + oh so fresh! I think this usurps In-N-Out's milkshake as my #1 now.

The decor is vintage industrial, and the ingredients are sustainable. Ahh, I wish they would open a location in the Bay Area!
Really good pizza!  Why do I like their pizza?

1.  Thin crust
2.  Great price on the Strip... all of their speciality pizzas are priced at $12.
3.  Perfect size for two people at 11"
4.  I came here both times and ALL of the service staff were uber friendly and served me with Aloha!
5.  Pizza took less than 10 minutes to arrive.
6.  Plentiful toppings and flavor was excelllent.

My gripes?
1.  No alcohol.  Not a big deal as there is a Fat Tuesday in the adjacent shop.
2.  They close too early for me!  I wished they stayed open until 4am or so....

I am starting to like MGM Grand and will probably stay there if not at the Cosmo, and if i do, i expect multiple visits to this pizzeria!
Gourmet pizzas at $12 unlimited toppings. I was amazed how fast they could make the pizza. Nice place for a quick bite before you get back to the blackjack table.
Fresh hot pizza in the MGM underground which is near the hotel lobby. 

Crust was a solid 8/10

Toppings were an average 6/10

Cheese was an average 6/10

Temp was hot and cooking was spot on, I'd go back again.
I happened to walk passed this place in a low-traffic area of MGM and the concept seemed appealing so I decided to check it out. The counter workers were very friendly and helpful and provided excellent service. I wanted to order healthy, so I opted for the ricotta cheese with grilled chicken, mushrooms, olive oil, and pesto sauce. I was able to choose as we went down the line (same way you would order a sub at Subway), so I watched my pizza be created step by step. The beauty of this process is that you can adjust portions of toppings and add however many! After it was put in the oven, it was ready in a matter of minutes and delivered to me at a table. The pizza is a tad difficult to eat... flimsy, thin crust; however, a fork and knife go a long way! Overall, I'd say it's a charming little build-your-own pizza joint :).
We had been wanting pizza but didn't want to do an overpriced eatery at a casino.  After checking the reviews on Yelp we decided to stop by on our way out of town.  The staff was extremely nice and explained the process.  It's very similar to Chipotle where you start with a blank canvas and they build it from there.  They have 7 types of specialty pizza to choose from or you can build your own with as many toppings as you want for only $12.  The location isn't the best, but its worth the trek if you want cheap, tasty pizza!
Awesome pizza! I don't think I have ever had a better crust. At $12 a pizza this place can't be beat for a place to grab a bite on the strip. 
We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza, the carmelized onion with prosciutto pizza, and the artichoke, tomato, and Gorgonzola cheese pizza. They were all so yummy. There were three if us eating and each of us loved our pizza choice. I definitely recommend this place!
It's fast food pizza. I LOVE pizza. I love good Philly style pizza. I like to get it by the slice, fold my slice in half and chow down. 

That said, I was a little hesitant to try this place but with 10 people hungry after drinking for 5 hours at Lee's Beer Experience, this is where we ended up. We all ordered our own pies ($12.99 each). Within 5-10 minutes each of our pies made from scratch and at our table. Everyone enjoyed their pies. No complaints on the dinner pizza from anyone. The only disappointment was the Nutella Pizza...YES, Nutella Pizza...not enough Nutella. Our entire group agreed. 

Would I go back? Yes, if I was in the basement of the MGM late night after drinking...absolutely. My favorite pizza place on the strip is Cosmo Pizza (Secret Pizza). YUMMY.
This is the subway of pizza places. You go to the glass and order your pizza just like you would your sub. Let me tell you what this place is good for;

1. You've had too much to drink and you are walking out to the car (taxi) and realize the only thing in your neighborhood is McDonald's so you better eat now. 

2. You  enjoy frozen pizzas and don't know any better (this pizza tasted like a frozen California Pizza Kitchen pizza)

3. Cheap. $12.99 for a pie

I asked for ranch dressing, he offers me Caeser. Really? The coke machine needs some help. It tasted like pure syrup. Would I eat here again? Probably if I was in the same predicament. But not if I'm sober.
This place was great.  It was recommended by our neighbor whose brother runs this point.  The value to taste ratio is unmatched anywhere.  I thought the food was excellent!
This place is a must if u love pizza. Made to order pizza in less than 5 min. Amazing toppings and great friendly service
Simply amazing. An extensive variety of different style pizzas as well as the option to customize your own with choice of toppings. I think the pizza sizes are just right. One size only. But its not too big and not too small. Very fresh. The staff there are super friendly and enjoy making conversation with you, which is rare nowadays. Laidback atmosphere with a modern touch in design that is showcased through the wall art as well as seating design.
$12 pizza with any and all toppings your heart desires.  I highly recommend getting bacon as a topping because bacon makes everything yummy.

The servers are super super friendly, and the pizza is done in a matter of minutes.  Perfect after club grub session.
DIY foods are pretty popular with people on the go (think Chipotle or Subway), with Project Pie being in the DIY pizza category.  It's a decent dining choice if you're at the MGM and want a quick, casual meal.  Pies are $12, and you can either choose from pizzas with pre-determined toppings, or go crazy and customize it with your own topping choices (yes, you can order a pizza with everything on it).  These are personal size pizzas, so don't order one and expect to be sharing it if you have any semblance of an appetite.

I had one of their own creations, the number 5, a white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, parmesan, cracked black pepper, olive oil, garlic and fresh chopped basil.  Toppings were placed all the way to the edge, so there wasn't really a crust to speak of.  The pizza was decent, not the best white pizza I've had, but not a bad deal either taking location and price into consideration.
This is not a secret pizza joint in the MGM Grand.  But you might totally miss it if you never head down the escalator going towards the self parking garage.  They offer personal size pizzas that you can customize from their list of toppings (plus walnuts and crasins, which are not on their menu) or get one of their pre-conceptualized combos by number.

They do not hand toss or shape the dough by hand.  There is a nearly fool proof dough press that pretty much does that, before they start building your pizza to order.  On my visit, I decided to get EVERYTHING on my pizza.  The pizza took a little longer to bake in their oven, but came out tasting pretty good (bell pepper didn't have enough time to bake and wilt).  For $12 it is a good deal for a restaurant inside a Strip casino.

Besides savory pizzas, they also offer 3 salad options (Classic Caesar, Mixed Greens and Pizza Salad).  ($5 - $12)

For desserts, they can make dessert pizzas too!  Nutella & Berries sounds most enticing. ($4 - $6)

Sodas with free refills.  ($3.50)

If you want relatively inexpensive casual meal while at MGM Grand, this is probably your tastiest option.  While you wait for your pizza to be delivered to your seat, you can entertain yourself with random quotes from Anonymous to JFK.

Service was fast and friendly.  They were generous with the toppings, but next time I will try ordering my pie with ALL OF THEIR Italian Sausage (Anthony M already got dibs on their Pepperoni).

Only negative (looking out for the post-clubbing crowd) is that they close at 11pm.  Way too early in my opinion.
I love Project Pie !!! I eat here at least once a month! 
I love the fact that they customize your pie, right in front of you ! The employees are fun, out-going, and great pizza makers ! Plus start to finish the pizza only takes 5 minutes. ( Don't quote me on that :) - but seriously, it's around 3-5 mins.) 
Plus, for the size of the whole pizza you get - you cant beat the price- especially for a casino food establishment !
$12 is a great price. The pizza was worth more.

I visited as a tourist, but this place is not a tourist trap.  This place has legit pizza.
Angela T said it best when she said this place is the "Subway of pizza places." That's not necessarily a bad thing.  

First, the location isn't the best.  It's in the downstairs walkway on the way to the parking garage, so it's a bit of a walk from the rooms and the opposite direction of the pool.  However, if you're on your way from the garage, this is a great place to grab a quick meal.

The pizza was good.  Really good. Great? No way, but for what this place is, it does the trick. The crust was just ok for me.  The dough is placed on a dough press and bam, it's time to pick toppings.  We got a cheese (kids, of course) and a #7  (white pizza with caramelized onions, proscuitto, mozzarella) and they were both very good.  Each pizza came with 8 slices, or maybe 6, but at any rate, 1 pizza was good for 2 kids, so yes, it's personal sized for adults.  

$12 a piece, it was a deal compared to anything else at the MGM Grand.  Even McDonald's and Nathan's in the food court had comparable prices, and those meals will make you sick.  

The employees were really nice.  Friendly, funny, and efficient.  

Yeah, it's worth a visit.
A gem inside MGM! A small place with chairs and tables with a concept similar to Chipotle. There is a standard menu that you can choose from; else build your own pizzas! You have the flexibility to pick your own toppings. All for $12. We picked #5 and #6(BBQ pizza) from the menu. Absolutely LOVED them. The wall at one end of the restaurant has quotes by popular personalities. It was awesome to read these interesting quotes while eating their amazing pizzas. Excellent customer service too.
Next time you're in Vegas and hankering for a hearty meal - definitely drop by Project Pie.  I was here a few months ago over EDC weekend - it was exhausting and I was in dire need of some nutrition.  After some searching, my friends and I stumbled into Project Pie and I couldn't have been happier! I got the BBQ Chicken pizza - it came with red onion, cilantro, Gorgonzola and mozzarella cheese; SO good!  And beyond the fact it's great pizza, it's also an affordably filling meal which in my opinion can be so hard to find in Vegas!
This was one of the best finds during my trip to Vegas. $12 for a personal pizza with unlimited toppings and GF crust with no up charge, yes please.

I was so happy that they asked me prior to me telling them about my allergy to gluten just by asking for the GF crust.They even made it a point to switch pizza cutters and try to eliminate as much cross contamination as possible. This in my book goes a long way. On my next trip, I will definitely make it a point to stop here for a quick and cheap  lunch.
After picking up our show tickets at MGM, we stumbled across Project Pie on the way to Earl of Sandwich and decided it's too far of a walk for 4 starving people after a 5-hour drive. I'm so glad we came here and tried something new instead :) 

The girls working were really nice and patient with my indecisiveness and I really appreciate that lol
The build-your-own pizzas are only $12, and they also let us do half and half so we could share, which is a major plus cuz I can never finish a whole pizza on my own. At first I didn't really pay attention to the price, then I realized how cheap this meal was compared to other places in Vegas! Haha anyway, for my half, I put grilled chicken + caramelized onions + EXTRA EXTRA mushrooms and it turned out amazing!!! I like how they don't limit the amount or how many items you want to put on your pizza, and the thin crust is just the way I like it!
In the end, all four of our creations (2 pizzas) came out really really yummy! 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/project-pie-las-vegas?select=QYr0j_Uvsgo8yNzSLjnR3g#8PQUGKdjVUBA1vtdTqVmxA
I'd definitely return the next time I come back to Vegas :)
I was at MGM and decided to grab a bite to eat before the airport.  This new section at MGM has many places, but it's kinda hidden.  We tried #5 which is mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, parmesan, cracked black pepper, olive oil, garlic and fresh chopped basil.  The pizza was thin and crispy and was a personal pan size.  The pizza exceeded my expectations.  The staff was extremely friendly and funny.  I also loved the comfy sofas and quotes on the wall.
My buds and I stumbled (literally) upon this cool find inside the MGM Grand. The three of us were all very happy with our personal pies. Very unique thin crust and cheap for the strip @ 12 bucks. Great find.
C'mon over and choose your pie!

How do you want it? Sauce? White? They can do it all and I am lucky to be able to have this place be so conveniently located there to tempt me everyday.

It is almost like a secret pizza concept because it is located inside of the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in the Underground. It has a blazing neon sign so you won't miss it as well as its cute layout and decor. I love the mini sofas!

You get in line, pick whether or not you want sauce, move onto stacking as many toppings as you want if you choose the build-your-own pizza option. If not, then there are many options on their menu and you can even get a delicious pizza salad here! It is a personal sized pizza, but I have always split it with a coworker since we are not big eaters.

I have been a customer here since day one that they have opened and the staff has always been cheery and very helpful. One time the bottom of my pizza was burnt and they re-did the whole thing without me needing to say anything about it. Nice service :)

Kudos to Teri W. for sharing the MGM Grand employee discount on here in her review so if any employees don't know.. now you will know! :D
Great pizza, great service and respect for strip hotel employees! Show your work ID!!!
Project Pie is a bit off the beaten path and is well worth the trip. Where else can you get a fresh, tasty customized pizza for a super affordable price? $12. will get you any pie option on the menu or customize your own with unlimited toppings. Yes, UNLIMITED!

Order at the beginning, watch your pie be assembled and placed into the oven. Pay at the register and wait for your name to be called to pick up your master piece. The whole process took 10 minutes. 

The pizza was delicious with a thin crispy crust and generous amount of toppings. It wasn't greasy nor soggy. 

There is a soft drink dispenser and a condiment area with silver ware and to-go boxes for left overs. There is no wait staff everything (besides the pizza baking) is self serve. There are a few tables and a long communal table for dining in.  

A great casual place to grab a quick meal.
Oh what a delightful delightful place. Its like subway where you can pick your toppings. They fresh pressed the dough in front of us and then added our choosen toppings and threw it in the oven. It cooked really fast and was super yummy. I ate 6 of my 8 pieces at the place and then brought the other 2 back to my room and ate then about an hour later and it was still good. 

It was 27 for 2 pizzas and a soda.
I wouldn't have ever found this place if I hadn't checked it out on Yelp. It is in the MGM underground. If we had found it on our first day there is a good chance we would have just had it for lunch every day were in Vegas! If we had one of these stores in our hometown we would be regulars. It was so good and the price was great too! The wait wasn't long either. It also made great leftovers for a late night post casino snack. No matter where we stay next time we come to vegas we will go out of our way to come back here!
My fave spot everytime I'm in Vegas drunk! The Nutella banana pizza is the best and the prosciutto with caramelizoed onions is my ultimate fave!!! All under $12 for unlimited toppings!! Hidden gem! Now go!
Reminds me of Chipotle, but pizza version.  lol Build your own pizza.  Cool pizza place that opens late.
This is a great option when you're tired of the pricey food places in the hotels.. Make your way to the underground at MGM and build a tasty treat. If you want a cold beer with your pizza, stop next door at Fat Tuesdays and bring it with you. This isn't a formal sit down place for a group. It's a build your own personal size pizza.

Enjoy!
Holy crap this place rocks!!! Tom hooked up his own creation of mozzarella chicken blue cheese bacon sausage jalapeños tomato sauce and BBQ sauce and it was a 10! Definitely recommend.
A must if you're at MGM just cruising around. It's on the bottom floor. Pizza was delish and very fresh tasting ingredients. It didn't take long to cook either, maybe 5-7 minutes. We looked for another location in Northern CA, but this chain is still new-ish. Would definitely check it out if they come anywhere near my hometown.
I'm coming from SoCal where we are having this big custom pizza craze, it was nice to try something similar out in Vegas. I stayed at MGM and this was a great place to grab a bite. I wish it was located in the main food court instead of the Underground where it's kind of hidden away. I feel like they would have more customers being located elsewhere.

The workers are super friendly and love to chat you up. Essentially a full fledge custom pizza place. You can even make a dessert pizza. You customize first, they bake it, and put it in a pizza box with your name. One tip is that, you might not want to load so many toppings even though it seems obvious to do so. The pizza might not cook as well with too many toppings. Price was fairly reasonable as well. Really tasty and a bit less oily compared to your normal pizza hut.
Personalized pizza! Yum!  Definitely a good choice for a semi-fast and affordable meal while enjoying the the grandeur of the MGM.  The pizza is large and fresh, the crust is the perfect chewy:crispy ratio, and the service is friendly!  Cannot complain, especially for a place inside a LV resort :)
So this was my first time here and I was walking to the parking garage to drive to my favorite place (Joe's Pizza) and I looked up project pie on yelp, saw the 4.5 stars and immediately stopped to give it a go.

Positives:
-Freshly baked, fast, friendly service.  (Loved andre, he was courteous and very funny)
-They make each pie just the way you want and doesn't take more then 5 minutes.

Negatives:
-All thin crust pizza
-Line can get long, but moves fairly quickly
-Pies aren't filling for 2, but definitely for one.


Menu:
All cheese pizza is $10
Build your own $12
Pizza and some fresh salads.

And some other goodies but I don't quite remember it all.  

Definitely worth a go.
Yelpers are right. Wow. Absolutely delicious pizza, really friendly staff, and a Fat Tuesday literally steps away. Such a great find with amazing food. $12 design your own pizza worth every penny.
I've always smelled the delicioisness of Project Pie, but didn't realize I could partake in said deliciousness until I saw "Yes, we have gluten free crust." PERFECT, thin, crispy, happy, yummy GF pizza with a knowledgable, friendly, personable staff and owner. Will be coming back again, and again, and again!

I love that they charge you one price regardless of the toppings you put on the pizza. The toppings are delicious and fresh, and I like that you can see them making your fresh pizza in front of your eyes. The GF pizza crust is very thin, which I love, and nice and crispy. Before eating this pizza, I ate a decent-sized meal at another restaurant but found that this pizza was too good to let sit in the fridge not eaten. Gone. 10 minutes. Inhaled by my husband and I.


Great customer service, great value for the money you pay, very friendly and locals-friendly owner, perfect location (we love MGM), and fantastic product. Could you ask for anything more?

P.S. They have GF dessert pizza AND GF garlic bread/pizza. You better believe I'll be all over that the next time we go!
Went back again last night. I told them I was GF and they cleaned out the oven for me! Delicious GF garlic bread, fantasic pizza, and I love their staff. LOVE their staff. Each time we've gone they've been beyond friendly and make us laugh. 

If you want great thin crust, crunchy, fresh tasting pizza complemented by a wonderful stafg, you will love it here!
This was probably the cheapest meal we had our whole vacation. We got a daiquiri at the Fat Tuesday's next door then headed over. My husband, as usual got the basic neapolitan style pizza-just cheese and sauce. I got a "white pizza" (no sauce) with caramelized onions, mushrooms, roasted red pepper slices, garlic, prosciutto, and gorgonzola cheese. It was delic! the only strange thing was that my tongue felt slightly numb after eating it, chris said the same thing when he had a taste...so I did not finish my whole pie.
Very good gluten free pizza, which is always a nice option to have. More importantly, if you tell them you have an allergy they will use separate tools, and clean out the oven for you. They are also able to provide allergen information regarding the crust, great if you have multiple food allergies like myself. I have eaten here twice with no problems - a great place for food allergies! Thank you Project Pie!
OMG...this has got to be the best pizza I've ever had! Located in the underground at the MGM, you get to build your own pizzas or pick from the comobs that they've already created. It's pretty amazing. The people working there are so friendly (they recognized us when we showed up for pizza the very next day!) and seem to really enjoy what they do. They've got a great setup so I wish them the best. Pizza was AWESOME! We need one in Philly!
We all know I am obsessed with the Chipotle style concept.
I've always got a hungry kid and even hungrier husband with me, its fast, fresh and cheap (more  money for shopping!)
Seeing as the Vegas Strip is overloaded with 5 star dining options I didn't even know where to start planning where to have dinner.
Well, turns out in the MGM we were STARVING, behold Project Pie.
$12 for a pizza any way you want it, usually around $8 at Pieology, Blaze and others, but it's Vegas, I'll take it.
Nutella dessert pizzas, tempting at $6...
Side salads at $5, large dinner ones at $12.
I asked if I could make my own, as their options all had chicken which I don't eat.
So I used pretty much all the veggie topppings from the pizzas and made a huge, amazing salad.
Split a pizza with my son, half veggie, half meat, my husband two pizzas with the works.
3 pizzas and a salad came to $55, not bad for a great dinner on the strip.
Ready in about 5 minutes, great service, clean place, come here if you spend all your money elsewhere!
Stayed at MGM for 4 days and ate this every single day, no joke. It's open pretty late so you can feed that late night craving. Even the workers recognized us since we kept coming back day after day. Best pizza ever...addictingly good and at a nice price too.  All the toppings you want for $12, crispy delish crust, and surprisingly not greasy. Can't wait to come back; my new favorite pizza joint
To be quite honest, I was a little skeptical wanting to like this place since it being located downstairs in the Underground inside the MGM Grand. If you've been there, it's just an area you would kind of ignore walking from the parking garage to the lobby of the casino but anyway, let's talk PIZZA.

It's not an actual restaurant or cafe. It's, well, FAST FOOD. But let me add, FRESH fast food. The concept is simple. Either you can order from their pre-fixed menu or be that creative master chef that you are and customize your own personal sized pizza with unlimited toppings for $12! Yes I repeat, UNLIMITED TOPPINGS FOR $12. And good toppings at that! (browse the pictures to see what I'm talking about)

I love thin crust pizzas and not all places can balance out the thin crust texture along with the heavy toppings well but Project Pie does it right every time. I'm a cold pizza lover as well so it's also a good idea to place it to the side for a while and enjoy it at room temperature so the crust can soak up all the butter and oils for some more added flavor. YUM.

I work inside the MGM Grand and they're known for some high rated restaurants such as Joel Robuchon, Craftsteak and the recently added Hakkasan so grabbing something to eat on your break can be a bit pricey. Came here super hungry and unexpectedly found myself hating my thought of assuming that this place would be horrible. That only teaches me to never judge a book by its cover (as cliche as it sounds) and give every place a shot before placing judgement on it. And while you're at it, say hi to Andre for me and tell him that Julie from Hakkasan sent ya! He'll make your pizza with love which will make it taste even better.
Located in the Underground section of the hotel, this might be a little hidden from people who don't know it is there. Headed there for lunch a couple weekends ago and was surprised there was no line at all. Was able to get a pizza made with fresh ingredients of my choice and watch it cooked in front of me in about 10 minutes. Great price for Vegas and tasted very good.
This place is genius! I absolutely love coming here for my monthly craving for Hawaiian pizza. Staff is always welcoming and a pleasure to order from. The atmosphere is great. I would def recommend stoping by here if ever visiting the MGM Grand.
Great pizza in a odd place. Great diversion from mall court food and high-end eateries.
50% discount for military, and a friendly staff. Not to mention the amazing pizza. This was my favorite part about visiting Vegas.
I only recently discovered the make-your-own pizza concept at home, and was happy to see it in Vegas. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and the food was great. 

I ordered a #5 (olive oil, mozzarella, ricotta, gorgonzola, Parmesan, black pepper, garlic, fresh basil), and added caramelized onions. I LOVED the onions--sweet and added so much flavor. 

$12 for a personal pizza (if you're a person with a large-ish appetite) is a bit steep, but not surprising for Vegas. 

I wish they were open a bit later.
Four of us made our own pizzas.  I walked next door to pick up a drink and by the time I got back, the of the pizzas were already done!

The pizza was great and to top it off, we got a complimentary cinnamon and sugar dessert pie.  Soo good, my friends had to stop me from eating all of it.
Las Vegas native here and I didn't even know about this place!! Fantastic pizza!  Hands down the best pizza in town!  The peanut butter and Nutella pie is to die for. I will definitely be back very soon!
Came here for the first time tonight and the food was delicious! Service was great and everyone was really helpful. My family and I were all very satisfied. I would definitely recommend this place.
The pizzas were fantastic and the staff was very friendly. The pizzas are $12 apiece for a thin crust, 12" pizza. Worth every dollar, unlimited toppings. I got the #2 with pepperoni, sausage, meatballs, and I added bacon for no charge. My gf got the # 5, a white pie, with artichokes, prosciutto, ricotta, basil, mozzeralla, Gorgonzola, parm, and garlic. She said it was the best pizza she every had.
I would highly recommend this place.
Best cheap eat on the strip. Came here a 2nd time on my trip it was so good.

I had the #5 both times - Mozzarella, Ricotta, Gorgonzola, Parmesan, Cracked Black Pepper, Olive Oil, Garlic, Fresh Chopped Basil (white Pizza) and added sausage and pepperoni as well. Nice thin crisp crust and awesome flavor. The ricotta and Gorgonzola is what really sets this one apart from the others. 

The founder also created MOD pizza in Seattle and Portland that uses the same build your own pizza concept. Project pie is the next generation of MOD pizza featuring better ingredients, vibe, and design that I have experienced and confirmed by the founder in interviews. I hope they open one in Portland soon.
If Chipotle were a pizza place...

By no means my favorite of places to eat in Vegas, but it was sort of cheap (not compared to Chipotle), tasty, quick, easy, and convenient.

The pizza was tasty, the flavors fresh, the staff friendly, and all was easy. I think I would have preferred it to be less than the $10 price point, but I guess it's kind of like a Las Vegas thing to spend a little more just because. 

Would I go back again? I'm not sure. Would I like it if I did? Yes.
The build your own pizza option is pricey at $12, however, the pizza was really good. 

They are not set up to accept MLife card comps so that was a pain but hopefully that will get worked out soon. 

It's definitely worth a sit down & try though.
Great pizza. Cooked fast. Prepared how you want. No complaints and will definitely go back next time I am in town.
Boycott Project Pie at the MGM Grand!!! They gave retired military discount until today and now the new ruling is for only active duty military. What, a 20 year retired military man or woman did not sacrifice?!?!?! I am the wife one one such great and wonderful man and as his wife; his entire family made a sacrifice to allow his honorable service to this great country. This is a huge injustice to ALL who served their country!!!! This is not an expected discount but it a nice thank you!!!!
Great little pizza. Most guys will eat one pizza. The $12 and put what you want is a good deal. The topping are very good and it is fun. We hung out before we went to see a show in the MGM and would go back.
Food was great! Quality, price, variety and proportion was right on. We have a few places similar to this in Orange County but the thing that really stood out to me was the customer service. Everyone was so nice to us and they were also very kind to each other which made this an extra pleasant experience. I wish I could remember the name of the girl who helped us to specifically compliment her but it was a LONG week and I'm drawing a blank so great job EVERYONE!
Walked by Project Pie every weekend for almost a year without stopping in as I walked from the garage to the casino or back at MGM. Granted, some nights it was closed by the time I wanted it. Anyway.. I finally stopped in the other day and didn't know what to expect. I briefly read the menu and saw that I could create my own personal pie for $12. I know what you're thinking... $12 for a personal pie is a rip off. It was my first thought too before I remembered that I was standing in the MGM Grand on the strip at just after 12am. Then I found out that included in that $12 was as many toppings as I wanted... say what?!?! It's the Subway/Chipotle of pizza!

Now I'm really skeptical as that seems almost too good a deal. Staff was very friendly and I ordered one of my favorite combinations... meatball, pepperoni and ricotta. Ordered with a little extra sauce and a little less mozzarella. I took it to go and it was gone by the time I got home.

Really enjoyed this pie.. by no means is it best pizza I've had but it was tasty, you get it hot right out the oven, it cooks in about 3 minutes and you can put whatever you want on it.

I'll probably stop in more often going forward. Maybe I'll try one of their pre-set combinations.... or maybe I'll just have them dump all the meatballs on my pizza and pig out! Queue evil laugh...
A pizza place where the price is the same no matter how many toppings you choose to put on it.  They have premade options to choose from or you can make your own.   The crust is thin but not cracker thin.  All of the toppings are fresh and they make your pizza like they make subs at some sub shops.  It starts with the crust and sauce then it is moved down to the toppings and cheeses and then into the oven.  Took about 15 minutes from start to finish and I had pizza left over to snack on the next day.
Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. I always get the #2 and add bacon. All meat pizza. A great meal before a night out.
To make my own custom vegan pizza was awesome! So many different topping for them to pile on ... I asked for all the veggies-- from caramelized onions to walnuts to jalapeños--- and it was amazing--- I added a pic-- so check it out for yourself--- yummO!.... Oh, and the service was great!
Go get a beer or drink now!! Why cuz they don't serve it here. That's why fool. They have a little bar next door. Grab something there if u need. Look this place is the chipotle of pizza. Walk the assembly line and pick what u want and how much. 12$ a pop. Good size. Get one to urself.  Finally u and your lady can agree cuz you'll each have your own. And hey man when ur in Vegas stop looking at the hott chicks in skirts. Ur lady totally knows ur doing that and she understands but make her fell good. Ok??? Thanks. Service is good and the pizza is bomb. I'm not one of those yelpers that just has to show u I've been to every part of the world and here's my pic of me in NY. here's my pic in Japan. I don't need to brag like those annoying cres. What's a cre u ask? Well learn spanish or ask  a Latino. It's short for credio or creida. In other words those annoying peeps that act all uppity and like they are so hott and know everything. Anyways I'm rambling. Get here eat and enjoy life. And stop kiss ur lady and tell her u love her. She loves the unexpected shit like that. Just don't look at the skirts until after u done that. Love u baby cakes.
Great concept, basically as much toppings you want for $12.

The pizza is the perfect size for 1 person too. The crust is nice and thin. So you can easily finish this by yourself without feeling guilty of eating all those calories.

I was glad to hear that there is another branch in Hillcrest, San Diego. So I will definitely stopping by that restaurant as well.

Again, the pizza is good. Good quality, and choose your toppings or just go for their standard menu, all for $12 per pizza.
Best pizza I ever eaten . The ingredients were fresh . The staff were super friendly and super helpful . I made a chicken ,pineapple ,pesto and garlic pizza . I know it sounds crazy but it was super delicious
Active duty Military get a discount!  I wanted to say that first because if you're scanning through reviews that little money saving nugget might be buried at the bottom where someone won't see it unless they read my entire review.   I think police and firefighters do too, but I digress.  This was an amazing spot, I can't believe it wasn't packed when I went in.  You have to hunt for this place, but it is seriously good grub.  I had the white pizza with chicken, prosciutto, roasted garlic, and sautéed onions... just dynamite eats.  All it needed was some sun dried tomatoes and it would've been near perfect. I will absolutely becoming back for more!
Came here on a Friday night, right after arriving in Vegas after a long drive.  Walked right up to the front of the line (just beat the crowd) and was able to order my custom pizza. The way this place works is pretty much you can create your own custom pizza from scratch with as many toppings as you like for one flat rate.  They also have multiple sauces you can choose from as well. The people behind the counter were all very nice and willing to help with any questions you had.

Now to the pizza itself.  It tasted great! I ordered the the meat lovers one and added jalapenos.  It is all made on a very thin crust and comes out nice and crispy.  The crust was very tasty (I added a splash of garlic around the sides) and the toppings tasted fresh.  

I would definitely recommend this place to friends and families that are looking for a good and easy pizza place.
Delicious!!!!!! Best pizza we had in Vegas. Wayyy better then Secret pizza or the places at NYNY. Project Pie is fresh, easy, quick, and I love how custom it is. I ordered the BBQ chicken and added pineapple. It was crisp, held its shape great, good crust and the pineapple was huge a fresh. Great individual size too. Staff was very friendly and knowledgable especially the two gals working. Would totally go back!
This has to be one of the best pizza joints in Las Vegas!! On our way to the concert we needed to get some food and as we walked by this spot we just had to stop. The smell of the pizza wouldn't let me walk any further. They make it just right and you watch them every step of the way! For how expensive it is to get a decent meal with good customer service on the strip this spot is a must do! The price is unbeatable and the taste will keep you coming back for more.
Hidden gem located downstairs from valet parking at MGM. Two of us built our own pizzas and the other two chose from their menu. All the pies were delicious and the perfect size for one person. Fast service and cool quotes on the wall. The perfect last meal to end our Vegas weekend.
Think of this as a chipotle but for Pizza.

For $12 you can build your own pizza with unlimited toppings. I always go with the garlic pizza with meat balls and pepperoni. It comes out smoking hot and fresh and crispy. It's not as great as Secret Pizza but it is definitely cheaper than Secret Pizza.

This is a great stop if you're hungry and you're at the MGM. The wait for a pizza isn't too bad and within 15 minutes you have a hot pizza straight out from the oven to devour.

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
Came here on a friday night because I was starving and wanted to find a fast place and I chose the right one. The staff is very helpful, the pizzas are decent sized and very tasty. They have a couple of their own creations but you can fully design your own and they are all 12 bucks which is a bargain seeing as if you are not that hungry, you can easily share
This is how pizza should be done.  There are several pre-made pies to choose from, or you could strike out on your own and choose your options.  The style here is reminiscent of Chipotle, as you get to watch your dough pressed out (that's a bit weird - how about tossing the dough in the air?), choose your toppings, and watch your fresh pie get baked.  You can't get pie by the slice, but that's ok, because the end result is so yummy that you'll want to eat the entire thing.
I came here a Thursday night on the 8th of May, and this is hands down, got to be the BEST $12 I've spend for a pizza! For my first time there, the build your own pizza is amazingly delicious! I devoured it right after I got it, lol. 

The workers there are friendly and very helpful on explaining how to built your own pizza and what to put on it. 

I think I found my to go place for pizza whenever I'm in Vegas now!
One of my favorite spots to visit when I come to Vegas. It's extremely casual and the the concept is all open which is great. You can custom order any pizzas you want but they have some already created that are great. They even have a Nutella pizza! It's pretty well priced and the pieces are all personal to the customer. Def a must try of you find yourself in the MGM!!
Ate here twice during our stay at MGM Grand because it was that good! Chose from their signature pizzas or build your own.  Great pizzas with fresh ingredients and the folks behind the counter were especially friendly and helpful in my genuine way.  The only reason I give it a four instead of a five is that we had to wipe down our own tables both times we ate there.
Think Chipotle for pizza- great selection of toppings, good flavors. Excellent bang for your buck! Recommend sharing a pie for 2, unlimited toppings are free.
My favorite place in Vegas!! This gem is located at the MGM Grand in the underground. Best service, food was great and fast. This place is really amazing. I wish we had them in Texas. If you are in Vegas, please give this place a chance you will not be disappointed! Best pizza I've ever had! Thank you project pie!
One of the best pizzas I have ever tasted. I selected the build your own pizza which allows you to completely customize your own pie. Imagine your order experience at a subway, that is basically what you can expect at Project Pie. They have a very good variety of cheese, meats, and toppings such as ricotta, mozzarella, goat cheese, meat balls, Canadian bacon, prosciutto, fresh garlic, artichokes, mushrooms, spinach, pineapple, etc. The ingredients are of very good quality which made the pizza have an incredible flavor. The staff was friendly, ambiance felt very lively and nice, and the price for the pie was highly affordable ($12 for the fully customized pie) I will definitely be returning next time I am in Vegas.
Thin & crispy gluten free crust with unlimited toppings for $12. Tastes good and I only ate half. Worth it!
Delicious pizza. Super this and crispy crust. The toppings were crispy and tasty.  We will stop by here many more times!
I did not even know this place was there but we walked by on our way into the MGM Grand from the parking lot.  We had a show and decided to do dinner afterwards.  Since we saw the pizza place on the way in, we decided to stop there on the way out for our late dinner.  

The place has about 7 pre-set combination pizzas but you can make your own and even add more toppings to the pre-set combos.  And what is great about it is they only charge one price.  You can have as many toppings as you want and its still the flat rate.  No per topping pricing like most places do.  

I had the # 7- Prosciutto, Caramelized Onions, Mozzarella, Parmesan (White Pizza) - with mushrooms and black olives added.  It was delicious.  Their crust is on the sweeter side and is really tasty.  The crust is super thin so it was not filling like thick pizza can be.  Their oven is super hot so the pizzas cook fast.  

My companion had a pepperoni pizza.  She really liked it.  It was a bit greasy but very tasty.  

If I happen to be at the MGM Grand again, this is definitely a good place to stop for a quick meal.  They have one wall with all kinds of celebrity quotes on it.  Its fun to read while you wait.
The best! A little confusing finding for the first time if you don't ask.
Options: awesome
Time: perfect
Service: the best
Friendly, quick, easy and cheap.
Loved the style and the quotes on the wall

Would love to see more of these on the strip.
Great find. Tucked away in the tunnel under MGM. Neopolitan-style pizza. Tasty ingredents. No alcohol which was my only disappointment. Will be back.
Good pizza with a nice crust and tasty sauce. A small bummer you can't get any water without paying for a bottle, but that's the way things are moving.
Nothing but good things to say about Project Pie. Pizza is delicious, fresh, and reasonably priced. I consider them to be a gem and make it my first stop in Vegas.
This was my first time going to a hot pot restaurant and I would definitely suggest everyone try it at least once because it is a really cool experience!

I went as part of a group of 6 people which made getting food out of the pot difficult because people were constantly reaching over each other and I felt like I was almost fighting for food.  They had a good selection of meat and vegetables to go in the pot but seafood and lamb are an extra charge.  They also had a selection of sauces but you had to physically get up from your table to put some in your bowl.

The waiter had a hard time understanding us when we ordered drinks but we ended up getting two different kinds of slushies (it's only $5 for a pitcher) and they were delicious.

It is a very cool concept but I think it may be better suited for a date night or small group.
Hey, uptown hotpot! I quite liked my dinner here. The ambiance isn't great, but the selection of meats was great and the broth choices are nice too. I got the spicy Mongolian broth, which wasn't too spicy. The service was fine, though we twice ordered the Chinese cabbage and twice didn't receive it. I saw the waiter giving it to other people, though, so I know they hadn't run out. Very strange. 

Anyway, I'd definitely go back. Definitely will get the sirloin again, and the enokis too. They also have "black fungus," aka woodear mushrooms, which are my favourite. The beef balls and fish cakes balls were subpar, but pretty much everything else was tasty.
Was excited to try out hot pot for the first time as my roommates said its awesome. I thought it was a little expensive but wasnt too disappointed as there was a huge selection of meats and vegetables. The only thing they can work on is to hire waiters/waitresses that speak a little better english and to make the rice less mushy.
I was driving around and saw this place before it even opened and thought I should give it a try. I went a couple days ago and had the Shabu-Shabu. I'm not a big fan of side dishes but this place was different. They were so good it made me feel right at home. The shabu shabu came with vegetables and beef. The decoration was pretty and the meat melted in my mouth. YUM! The portions may not seem so big but once you start eating it's as if the food never disappears. The waitress asked if I wanted rice or if I wanted porridge after. I said I wanted the porridge. I was almost done with my meal and asked them to do one bowl of rice. Let me tell you the porridge is TO DIE FOR. It was SOOOOOOOO goood. I thought one bowl would be too little but my friend and I were so full we had leftovers. I figured that my bill would be like $50 but nope only $23.22. I will DEFINITELY be going back there.
nice!LOVE... I love this place not only food but also service....
the food is really nice price and delicious side dishes
Visited from California and looked for a KBBQ place in Las Vegas, found this place and loved it! Ordered the brisket plate and was delicious!!! Side dishes were so plentiful...highly recommended for awesome korean bbq =)
I eat at plenty of Korean restaurants and I never ever write reviews but for the first time, I feel compelled to write one, although, I'll keep it short and simple. I ordered the Shabu-Shabu and was amazed! The side dishes come aplenty and are tasty. The staff are open and friendly. 

You can bet that I'll come back here again and again!
SHABU! And the price is not bad too!

SHABU is is 9.99 per person and has to have a minimum of two people for the order. Meat is a decent portion but I order more which was only 5.99 more. SESAME SEED sauce ! Side dishes were pretty good too! Great kimchi!

For sure got to come back and try BBQ
I enjoyed the customer service and the shabu shabu tastes greater than other places I have been to. Liked it even more that it was already prepared broth unlike California shabu shabu that was just water. I would say I would come back here again and try some of their other dishes they have.
I came here with my husband and kids. We had Kimchi Chigae, yuk ge Jang and mandu guk. We love this restaurant! Our total bill is $32 - very reasonable price. The owner and our waitress were very nice. We don't live around here otherwise I can see myself coming here regularly  but next time we're in Vegas we'll surely come back. 

Bring this feeling that we're back in Korea!
This restaurant is clustered with other Korean restaurants and markets in an older strip mall just south of Sahara Blvd. I ordered ojingo pogum. My meal was ready quickly.   The squid was over cooked, but the flavor was great with lots of fresh vegetables.  The pan chan included 7 dishes.  The waitress checked back multiple times  to make sure my needs were taken care of.   Great place except for the ambiance due to the dated decor. Go for the food.
Great korean bbq!

I came here late on a Friday night (9pm) on the way back from picking up my boyfriend at the airport. We were the only ones there and initially I felt like we were keeping them from closing, but they were very accommodating and friendly. We went for the "good choice" meat platter which was brisket, short ribs, chicken and pork belly. A LOT of meat, but it was so good we finished it all! I believe it was about $35 which I felt was a good price for the amount of food. The employees cooked the meat for us at our table - not sure if they always do it for you or if they just did it since we were the only ones there. They also give you like 8 side dishes, and for the most part they were pretty good.  The area where this restaurant is located looks a bit shady, but that's quickly forgotten when you taste the food!
very disappointed, food are not fresh at all. Really should leave at the time when we arrived there and found no one else in there. The taste was bad.
The food was really good & the girl was really polite And sufficient with her time. Prices are very fair. Yummy yummy!! I'm from Seattle and there are a lot more korean bbq spots out there, but the quality and service was equal to that! Thanks!
The bulgogi shabu shabu was delicious and their banchan was too, but I definitely felt discriminated against because I don't exactly look Asian! Our server asked us if we were "both okay using chopsticks." A reasonable question if neither of you are Asian, but seeing as how my boyfriend is obviously 100% Korean... I immediately knew this question was directed soley to me.  Yes, "we" are okay using chopsticks. The server took it a step further though and explained that their metal chopsticks might be more slippery than what I'm used to so if I'd prefer the wooden ones they were available too....as if I don't have a whole drawer full of pretty Korean metal chopsticks at home that I regularly eat with.  Little girl... do you really think this is my first time eating Asian food? LOL I bet I watch more Kdrama than you too!!!! :D
Here is the summary:
Service - awful
Food taste - good
Food presentation - good 
Overall experience - bad
I won't come back nor will I recommend the place. 
Want details? Here it is:
the lady who served us barely spoke english, did not care much or both. I know this because I told her several times not to put noodle in my soup because I am allergic to wheat. I didn't expect her to understand "gluten sensitive" but "no noodle" should be a no brainer. She still brought a stew full of noodle and I had to fish it out. We waited for a long time for them to bring the food so I did not send it back. As a result I spent a lot more time on the toilette a lot more often that night that I usually do or want to. 
The food was good taste wise I would give it 4.5 out of 5. But overall experience was pretty bad. I wish I spent my money elsewhere.
From an American married to a Korean perspective:  Ponchon is the best in Las Vegas.   Portions are good.   Food is good.   Shabu shabu for two is great.   Prices are slightly lowest in town.
I came back and once again I am beyond satisfied.  I absolutely LOVE this place. They added a new menu with buckwheat noodles. The spicy bibim naeng myun is my favorite. This time around we had two shabu shabu one bibim naeng myun and one bulgogi. I loce how this place is always the same. It almost makes me feel as if I am back in Korea. Tastes a lot like homemade food. YUMMMMMMM.... Service was AHHHHMAZING they take such good care of us I most definitely will be back again. I can't believe a place like this does not have more reviews. I hope this place picks up because I hate to see a place like this go to waste. (:
I came here during my visit in Vegas this past weekend with my brother and sister-in-law. We are a huge fan of Korean BBQ so we wanted to try it. We're from SoCal where the rice is an extra charge for AYCE and usually we're used to having rice paper served with the other side dishes, but the rice included was quite a good surprise. The food is worth it but the only negative thing I would say is that the variety of their dipping sauces for the brisket is only limited to one (olive oil and salt). But other than that, everything else is excellent!
Really really good Korean restaurant in Vegas. We had shabu shabu and kimchi jjigae. After you're finished with shabu shabu (Korean style), they make a porridge with left over broth. Bomb. Highly recommend.
The server was attentive and friendly. The ban chan was so yummy. I didn't know what this side dish was...she went ahead to find out. Bellflowers are yummy.
I'm such a hot pot fan and this on has a pretty good deal. Definitely recommend it if your a Shabu Shabu fan. It's has more of a korean twist. 

The only reason it's not a 5 is cuz there's not too much variety but don't mistake that for negativity. If I lived here if go all the time. 

Food 5 stars
Atmosphere 4 ( we were the only one there so it seems odd at first but we love it.)
Service 5 (they're super nice)
The hot pot and shabu shabu here is great....we tried another place in henderson and I have to say I am pleased with this spot....Our server was great she was helpful with explaining to us about their dishes. We tried the seafood dish and it was awesome.....if your looking for a low key great Korean food place....This is the spot
My favorite place to get pizza its fortable my personal favorite pizza it is herb chicken Mediterranean with sun dried tomatoes feta cheese spinach garlic sauce and spices it is just so delicious the staff was very helpful very friendly nice very positive I must say this will be my permanent place
First time here for pizza and salad
The only thing I knew before walking in was I know it's take home pizza...

The employees were very friendly and helpful, they executed their jobs perfectly
It's a good thing I went on a Tuesday because they have a $10 Large pizza deal which was perfect for me 
I got a Large pizza split in half
Half was just cheese and sauce (boring)
The other half was papa's favorite
Papa's favorite consists of sauce, cheese, pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, mushrooms, onions, green peppers, and black olives...
Sooooo good! 

I also got a regular garden salad with ranch and the whole thing was about $14

The guy making my pizza (Brandon) was very nice and filled me in on the heating instructions as well as tips for my next visit

The pizza is super good and the salad is good as well :) 

Ps- next time I want to try the cookie dough and/or the dessert pizzas
Take and Bake! Papa Murphy's is like the Subway of pizza, with the speed and efficiency of Jimmy John's. You order your pizza, and in a wink of an eye it's made right in front of you. 

Baking instructions are easy, and the pizza tastes really good for something that is baked in a regular oven. Someday when we have a grill I'd like to grill some pizza and see how it tastes!

They seem to always offer coupons in the mail, and they also have family deals, as well as daily deals. Service has also been cheerful and friendly.