It's actually UNIVERSITY SQUARE Food Court.  Someone please edit that.  Typical mall food court--meh food (Chinese, Japanese, Italian and subs lol) but GREAT decor.  Free wireless and uber large flat screen TVs--like 20 of them and a projector.  Good place to meet for a quick lunch, study group, or business meeting.  I've done all three and everyone seems to enjoy the court if not the food.  During the warm weather (2 months out of the year) the patio section facing University Avenue has the glass doors open--great spot to people watch and call out people's name you know and watch them turn around wildly wondering where it came from...
The last thing UW-Madison needs at the end of State Street, where locally owned, diverse restaurants are available to suit all tastes and price ranges, is a mall food court. Sure, Sabarros is fine- but go to one of the two Ian's within 1-6 blocks away.  Quiznos is Quiznos, but instead choose one of the 3 sub places on State Street instead where there are more options and more character.  Against everything I believe in, I would even suggest Chin's over the stir fry places, if only because the atmosphere is less sterile and you can be involved in the energy of State Street. 

The only appeal that I can see is that there is tons and tons of seating room and no one would ever bother you if you decided to stay and study for hours.  For that, the large tables and giant windows are nice.
Aside from Bubble Island, the U Square Food Court is underwhelming at best. You have a choice of Quizno's Subs, Stir Fry '88, Nori Japan, and Sbarro's for food entrees. It's kind of like they took the very worst of a typical mall food court and condensed it. Quizno's is the only restaurant here that I ever consider eating at; Nori Japan offers teriyaki chicken made-to-order (it's alright), but it's neighbor, Stir Fry '88, only has stomachache-inducing American Chinese food that's guaranteed to have been sitting under a hot lamp since 11 am that morning. Speaking of hot lamps, Sbarro's is another place here that offers what appears to be day-old food, roasting under a light bulb.

To their credit, the decor is nice and upscale. It is also kept spotless by the janitorial staff, a welcome change from the typical food court experience most people are probably used to. Since I work across the street, my coworkers and I often end up eating here during our lunch break. If I had the choice, however, I would only come here to get bubble tea at Bubble Island. Everything else is fairly subpar, and there are better places to eat in Madison. It still beats grabbing a $5 sandwich at Memorial Union, though.
Thier bubble Tea is about the same quality as Bubble Island... Pretty poor. When Compared to the Bubble Tea at Jade Mountain it doesn't hold a candle. If you want real Taiwanese style bubble tea you're better off heading somewhere else like Jade Mountain... or China town.
Visit the sushi place. Freshest sashimi in town. Great portions. Highly recommended. 
Manager is awesome.
Craving good Korean food, but too far from the usual place, so I stopped in here.  They must be nearing the end of a remodeling effort (the front of the plaza was being painted and the food court looks like it's been through some changes...lot of vacant stalls).  The hot tofu spot in the corner was open, so I ordered the bulgogi special.  The hot pot tofu soup was steaming hot (which I love), spicy (another plus), with creamy chunks of tofu, bits of beef.  The bulgogi was sliced nice and thin and while tasty enough, it just wasn't savory.  At first taste of the banchan, I thought maybe my allergies were affecting the ol' taste buds, but none of the banchan were seasoned or even salted correctly, very bland.  The kimchi was crunchy fresh, but seasoning needed to be adjusted and the kongnamul was fine, of course.  Had the ogok bab, the purplish steamed mixed grain rice, way more personality in the taste department than plain steamed white rice.  Overall, I have to give this place 2 stars because things were unfinished and still under construction, plus the flavor of the food was lacking (come on now, that's what sets Korean food apart)!  I will try again some time, maybe by then the food court will be full and there will be other vendor choices.
Ate at Hot Tofu for the second time. #4, tofu soup with pork. Came with a dried fish, three side dishes (bean sprouts, cucumber, cabbage kimchi), and my choice of white or purple rice (purple, duh).

Soup was good, 4/5, lots of meat and the tofu was super creamy. Kimchi and cucumber were not good, I barely touched them. Bean sprouts were okay. Rice was excellent. I didn't eat my fish, just not a fan. Last time I gave it to my boyfriend, but he wasn't with me this time, so I didn't think of telling them to not include it. When the cashier came over to check on me she offered to trade it out for noodles. I declined because I was already full, but I thought out was sweet of her.  :)

For the price and convenience, I would eat here again.
Location:  Inside Greenland's supermarket situated on the NE side of Rainbow and Spring Mtn. Nice exterior decor of distinct Asian elements that can't be missed as you drive north on Rainbow or west on Spring Mtn.

As you walk into the Greenland market, you'll see a nice spread of sweets on the left from a bakery and past it, the food court to the right.  The food court is spacious and presents a great spread and variety of food like Han's Chicken and Pizza with interesting Sweet Potato twist or sushi rolls from other vendors.  There's also the staple Korean BBQ offered by few vendors that is accompanied by side dishes and/or tofu soup with prices that are on average $15 (can be portioned out to 2 meals for me).    

After working in the cold for the last few days, my body was begging for hot soup and notably a spicy one.  So, after previous visits to the food court with no signs of any vendors selling jampong (spicy seafood soup), I was surprise that on this particular shopping visit, I came across a new addition to the food court that served Korean and Chinese dishes.  This was the only food vendor that offered this delectable treat at a great price of $8.95 for a big bowl.  As usual, the bowl contained a generous portion of various seafood ingredients like shrimp and calamari along with side dishes of neon yellow radishes, onions, and black bean paste...and of course the staple kimchi.  However, having tried it at restaurants, I was put off by the fact that they used spaghetti noodle rather than the thick udon like noodles.  For most, it might not have been noticed if they haven't haven't had this frequently, but for me it changed the notion of the soup.  At first taste, it seemed watered down, but after continuous taste of the soup, the heat of the spice started to kick in.  I couldn't complain as much since I was hungry and recovering from a cold and I did happily enjoy the hot & spicy combo of the soup.  I did, however, could care less for the overly fermented kimchi.  

Takeaway: If you want a quick bite of Asian food with great variety this would be the ideal place. Not a very intimidating place to come by yourself, but also more enjoyable with a company of people to be able to eat some of the big family style meals and be apart of the communal spirit of the Asian culture.
COSTCO FOOD COURT IS THE BOMB!

Every time I shop here at Costco, more often then not, I end up eating at the food court. So of course I always end up looking to check in and nada, zip, zilch, nothing! So now for all of you that are reading this, HOORAY! You can check in now! Maybe it will get you some type of badge.

As everybody knows, the Costco Food Court has some of the best tasting food at prices that everybody loves! Let's see, you got your choice of either a Polish or All American Hot Dog that comes with a drink for $1.50! Can I get an AMEN! A Chicken Bake for $2.99, a Toasted Ciabatta Turkey Sandwich for $3.99, and some other items that catch your eye as well like a huge slice of either Cheese, Pepperoni, or Combination pizza for umm......damn I cant remember cuz I only order it for my kids.

Anyways, you guys get what im saying. They have something for everybody and its not too hard on your wallet. I say the price you pay for the membership alone is worth it just for the food court!

The only downfall that irks me is that they only take cash. You would think that since you can pay with either debit or American Express at the front registers that these guys would have the same set up. NOT! Although you can pay for whatever you wanna get at the food court at the front registers is a little better, that still is kind of a hassle.

In the end, I have yet to have a bad experience with the service and food every time I eat here. Imagine a Costco thats 24 hours. Now THATS something to behold! It IS Vegas so you never know. In the meantime, I can always go for a hot dog or turkey sandwich.
99% of the time we stop by eating here after shopping. I always order the Hot Turkey and Provolone sandwich for $3.99 (turkey, provolone, red onions, tomatoes, & pesto on a hot ciabatta roll). Nom nom. 

How can anyone not like Costco food court? Decent food for outrageously cheap prices.  For under $10 I can feed my family of four for lunch. Total WIN! in my book.
Best pizza ever. Nuff said. Prices are cheap and food is good.
Ice cream on a stick, dipped in chocolate and then sprinkled with lots of almonds, love it!!! Big enough to share.
Cheap but decent food.  Good place to eat after shopping(no I don't eat at every sample station multiple times).
I love how everything is cheap. The dollar churros are bomb! The pizza is bomb! The polish sausage is bomb and for $1.50 plus tax. Haha but wait there's more. It comes with a drink! The wait isn't too long quick service. Sometimes it might be hard to find a table to sit at. Or a clean one. Some people are just messy eaters. But other than that good food for cheap!
Fashion Square Food Court has a good representation of all the usual suspects.

* Mexican food: Blue Burrito Grille.  Check!
* Hamburgers: Five Guys.  Check!
* Chinese Asian: Panda Express.  Check!
* Upscale Café: Paradise Bakery.  Check!
* Middle Eastern/Greek: Pita Jungle.  Check!
* Japanese Asian: Sarku.  Check!
* Pizza:  Sbarro.  Check!
* Subs: Subway.  Check!
* Diner food: Johnny Rockets.  Check!

I'm particularly fond of Johnny Rockets and Pita Jungle. They also have a few nearby Mall watering holes, such as: 

* Kona Grill
* Z Tejas Grill
* Yard House
* Modern Steak

They're all pretty good, depending on what you're in the mood for eating and what game is on their big HDTVs.  BTW, the Happy Hours at Z Tejas and Kona are very good!
I only go here when I am craving a chicken stuffed Chile Relleno.  Let me tell you...IT IS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER HAD!!!  Oh, I eat here at least every few months for the Chile Relleno.  :)  The last time I went to Z Tejas, I went to the patio with my sister where there were some flirts telling us how pretty we are.  If you like more of the social appeal, I would recommend the patio, but if you like more of a romantic or personal appeal, I would recommend eating inside the restaurant.
Friendly lady rang us up for breakfast on the Saturday before St. Patrick's Day. I ordered their cold tuna sandwich and regular coffee. It was quick, considering that almost all our band friends were there buying breakfast before a street parade. Food was okay, coffee was good. Can't really complain. However, having a food court inside a four star hotel in Las Vegas was kind of out of place for me. But I guess that would be my review on the hotel and not this place.
Located inside the Tropicana hotel in Vegas, this is a great place to grab a quick bite.  Among many other items, they serve Pizza by the Slice....which is the perfect snack after a night of partying.  I tried:

Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza Slice
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=ncLdFjaB3a9htYUWuwSnBA#ncLdFjaB3a9htYUWuwSnBA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=FqoARkYIpXtO-GaUmVlafw#FqoARkYIpXtO-GaUmVlafw

Pepperoni & Jalapeño Pizza Slice
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=zHNa_aOLRUtbBBT1pZNXmA#zHNa_aOLRUtbBBT1pZNXmA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=E80jurgo3wNlDAd6r3lw2A#E80jurgo3wNlDAd6r3lw2A

Although I asked for my Pizza to be "well done", there was simply too much Cheese and Sauce for them to properly cook it that way.  They tried though.....but it was still very "doughy" and soft....blazing hot though, I had to give it a few min to cool off.

The flavor of the Pizza was OK....the Cheese overwhelmed it a bit.  The Pepperoni was quite small too.

Overall, it's a pretty average Slice of Pizza.

Return Factor - 60%
If you came in through the local's entrance it's past the player's club (take 3 lefts). It's after the Starbucks. Tropicana LV matched our statuses with our M Life cards. Locals eat 25% off.  This place is our favorite local's casino.

I wanted to try 1.50 Locals pizza!  It's truly delicious, espically the dough. My boyfriend had two slices of the Meat Lovers, and I had the White pizza.  Next time I should remember to flash my Gold card for 50%.. Still friendly staff and great food 5 star!

Regular prices.. Slices are $4 plus .75 for each topping.  An entire pizza (18") is $18 but I think it's beats eating at "Secret pizza" in the Cosmopolitan.

Tropicana has Free wifi you can use, " ILOVETROPLV ".
Came back to try their Calzones. The basic calzone has Ricotta, basil & Mozzarella cheese, I added Spinach & Pepperoni.  It was super nice to enjoy something THIS good.  I always order them everytime we're here because they're mouthwatering.  I can wait the 15-20 minutes for a fresh well made calzone any day of the week.

Basic Calzone starts at $9 and it's a $1 for each filling.
I got my first case of food poisoning from this place.   First thing i ate in the day was a slice of veggie pizza and about two hours later i was extremely sick threw up all night, had severe diarrhea, high fever, shivering, and sweat profusely.  I'm just not sure how long those pizzas are sitting there without heat.
$8.50 slices of pizza....yay (lol)
the free Hilton Honors breakfast that I received here included choice of 3 items, and one drink.  It was by far the worst breakfast I have received at a Doubletree anywhere in the world.  I am a Diamond member and spend a considerable amount of time at Hilton properties and was appalled at the level of service here.  

Bagels were probably a frozen bagel, thawed and toasted.  They tasted dry and old.  Bread was fine, but only served with butter...no jam.  Yogurt Parfait was cheap yogurt with some strawberry goop and granola.  Not worth it.  

Save your money and eat elsewhere...
While staying at Tropicana this past weekend, my friends & I decided to try this cafe after spending the day at the pool. Service was decent & food was just ok. However, after a few hours of having our meals 3 of us encountered horrible stomach aches and discomfort. Gladly it didn't get any worse other than feeling grossed out until late night hours. 

Will I recommend this place? Certainly not but maybe someone will have better experience.
$1.50 for a huge hotdog and a drink, you really can't beat that. Also, I enjoy their pizza slices as well. It's a nice lunch just to grab while you are there.
Love the greasy pizza, it's so gooey and delicious! Also the frozen yogurt is delicious and a steal, drinks are cheap and staff is nice
$1.50 for a giant beef hot dog. $10 for some pretty awesome pizza. Gelato, chicken baked, and chicken Caesar salad. Everything is inexpensive and good. You can't beat this place for a quick bite to eat. As always, Costco rules!!!!!! Love this place!
Thanks, person who unnecessarily added this "business" to Yelp.

The Costco food court is a good value but also surprisingly delicious. Their hot turkey and provolone sandwich is great. It has surpassed the chicken bake as my go-to item. The mocha freeze or berry smoothie is a good accompaniment. Of course, the best value is the $1.50 hot dog with 20oz drink. But I can never get myself to settle for that.
This one has gelato! You can't even just get one scoop, you get three for $1.50.  Trust me, you'll be happy you got the push to get two more scoops.
For all of the reasons to step foot inside Costco, their food court ranks at the top for me. Costco brings its commitment to service and quality to your stomach!

Great food at awesome prices, you can't go wrong. The $1.50 giant beef hot dog is probably the only hot dog I will ever eat. $2 for a slice of pizza or $10 for a whole pie is a steal. Better ingredients and much larger than anything you will find at Dominos or Pizza Hut. The food court has snacks such 

Be advised - no credit cards, cash only.
If you're at Costco and you're anything like me you're definately hittin up the food court on your way out. The food is is good, not great and cheap as anythin. .50 cent drinks 1.50 polish sausage and drink. There's ice cream, sandwiches pizza and gelato. 
If you have 5 bucks and needed yourself a good meal costco food court doesn't disappoint. The only negative I would assign them is that they're cash only
Seriously, I don't think food can be cheaper than this. My girlfriend, who had never been to Costco before, asked me how they could make this delicious food so cheap. The only thing I could come up with is they are selling it at cost in order to get more people in!

$1.50 for a quarter pound hotdog WITH a fountain drink? Yes please! We couldn't cook dinner cheaper at home unless we were making rice and washing it down with water. 

They also have $10 whole pizza pies, and I'm not talking mini pies like dominos, these are 18 inch pies! With the quality I've experienced in their other items (plus a few other customers on line told me it was very good), I don't see why you'd ever buy a whole pizza anywhere else. 

The most common thing people write about are the ice creams. I grew up with the frozen yoghurt with berry sauce ($1.65 I believe), and they have continually expanded their offerings. Now they have a mocha frozen drink that many said was unbelievable (and looked unbelievable), and they also had gelato! For like 1.50 for 3 HUGE scoops in a waffle cone. After seeing gelato in the Venetian for like 7 bucks a scoop, I practically threw my money at the Costco cashier (who was super friendly). The gelato was also VERY good (surely not as good as what's at the Venetian but at that price who cares?), what I've come to expect from any Kirkland item. 

Lastly they had some interesting items I've never tried purely because they didn't cost 1.50. The beef brisket sandwich looked incredible, not like one of those "looks good in our ad" deals, but when I saw it come out it looked HUGE with a ring around it to keep things nice and clean. Well done. 

If you're late night shopping, and don't feel like cooking, stop here and get some delicious mega cheap food, and wash it down with some gelato!
I have been shopping at Costco in Summerlin for nearly fourteen years and enjoy shopping here.  I have eaten at the food court on a dozen or so occasions.  This past Thursday night at closing (8:30pm) I ordered a hot dog and added mustard and onions.  I was on my back for the next three days with food poisoning.  I went to Urgent Care late Friday afternoon because I was so sick and was prescribed an antibiotic that is given to people with Anthrax along with an anti-nausea medication.  This is day four and I'm finally able to get up and get around, although I am still weak and tired.  I will never again eat at the Costco Food Court in Summerlin (west Las Vegas).
You can't beat this place for the price. Although seating isn't always easy to get, and the line can be long, that lunch bill is kinda awesome. Pizza slices are large, the hot dogs are big, and the cones are a treat. 

Someone at my job ordered 2 large pizzas and picked them up. For only $20 total they were tasty and filling and very large. Not skimpy on the layers of crust, cheese and tomato sauce, making even the plain pizza very satisfying.
This little mall quick restaurant was right by our hotel- and was a nice inexpensive break from most Vegas food. The two people working were very kind despite having no air in 100+ heat which is more than I would be able to give in that heat. The bourbon chicken and orange chicken were good. Fried rice was very bland.
Pluses: quick, good tasting, friendly service
Negatives: seating area was very dirty
I'm staying on the Strip, I need someplace reasonably priced to eat lunch, I don't want to go far, and I want it to be easy to take it back to the room.   Thank you China Max for fulfilling my needs!