FREE Cookie Slice for my birthday for signing up for the E-Club!:-)

A little too much frosting and it was stiff so I assume it had been around a day or two.

I prefer Mrs. Fields' myself!
We always have to make a stop here when we are in town!  First of all, it's in an outlet mall.  What's not to like about that?  Secondly, they make these cookies that have M&M stuck in the top of them.  They are moist, delicious and most of all very chocolatey!  Love them!  They have a deal, you can get a bakers dozen for a special price.  They have soda, lemonade, milk, brownies, anything if you need a snack or a refreshing beverage.  There's a lovely woman that works there in the afternoons, maybe later, my husband and I didn't get her name but she was telling us that the staff all calls her "Grandma" which I thought was very sweet.  It sounds like she really knows her Thai food, which I love too!  Because of her special service, we stopped on the way out of town and weren't disappointed by the cookies (since we had eaten all the ones we got the first visit!).  LOVE THIS PLACE!!
COOKIES!!! Back when I was a carb eating machine, I would eat cookies from here without abandon. I've always preferred the thin, slightly crispy yet soft cookies from Great American Cookies over Mrs. Fields. These are the type of cookies that you get from slice and bake dough like you make at home. If that's you type of treat, then this is the place to go. Some of the frosted cookies can be a bit sweet but I've tried almost every variety this place sells and all of them are good (the snickerdoodles, sugar cookies topped with cinnamon-sugar, being the standout flavor). Swing by the food court if you are in the mall and see if you can snag a free sample. They are usually handing out samples of their chocolate chip cookies. If you are lucky enough to encounter a freshly baked batch of cookies coming out of the oven, buy them! You won't regret it!
Another 1st to Review!

It's Freakin Baskin Robbins people-the original -31 flavors!! Great Ice Cream & Cakes.

E-Club members get a FREE scoop so I tried the NEW sherbert -Triple something with blue raspberry,fruit punch and sour apple!!!

What I got of it -Refreshing and so so good! This is still my favorite ice cream place!!:)
Ice cream shop, always refreshing and the flavors rotate so you don't' get bored.  I enjoy just plano two scoops in a cup, but my husband always gets a Sunday of his making with fruit and nuts and whip cream.  I thought I had the sweet tooth!  This store is always quiet, quick with service and staff is friendly.
I can't resist me some daiquiri ice. Love the stuff and it's one of the only reasons you'll ever find me in a Baskin Robbins. 

We came here for a sweet after our extra savory and delicious meal at Fukumimi. The service was pretty friendly and they keep the shop pretty clean. That's key for me.
Not much to say then good service, good selection and open late.
As good as it gets when I walk in for DAQ ice and it is free!

My free bday scoop expires this weekend, and I was overjoyed to see BR next to Fukumimi Ramen.  Randal R. was shaking his head at my eagerness to do DAQ ice like others do the dew, but I walked in, found DAQ ice immediately and squealed!  The associate asked me if I was ready and I excitedly affirmed and asked for DAQ ice on a cake cone.  Randal R. says cake cones are for kids, but at least that means I don't feel my old age yet!

I got my scoop, she scanned the barcode on my email coupon, and off we went!  He said I moaned with each lick but that is between me and the Daquiri!
I feel like the prices at Baskin Robbins keep increasing for standard ice cream.  Sure it always has that consistant taste no matter where you go, but I'd rather get frozen custard at Luv It or Nielsen's for the same (or cheaper) price with more flavor.

My friend and I went on Sunday and their A/C was out and it happened to be 117 outside.  If I had a choice between here and Coldstone, Coldstone would win easily.
This is strictly a review for their chocolate dipped ice cream cone. I hadn't had one of these since I was little. While shopping last week, my boyfriend ordered one, and after trying a bite, I was basically trying to steal it away from him. Usually I don't eat a big portion of sweets, but damn this treat was yummy. Better than any other chocolate dipped ice cream cone. okay, now I want one. But yeah, this location is great because I tend to stop in whenever it's a hot day and I am shopping at the outlets.
Walked in 15 minutes before they close and two workers  Irwin & Savana say I can only get ice creme cause they are closing.    Then close at 830.    After complaining about it she made me an orange julious out of what she was tossing out.   I watched her make it,  no spit....    Haha.   And NO TIP either
So after shoe shopping at the outlet part we stopped here, I hadnt had an OJ since I was in Colorado a year ago and was soooo excited to see it!! I got the "pina colada" orange Julius and I was totally in Heaven! It was soooo rich and creamy and refreshing! Thats what I needed on that scortcher of a day! It was 5$ and change for a large and worth every penny!!

My son seen the "triple chocoholic" blizzard and since he did a great job at the HOT mall I rewarded him! I got the mini which was 3.99$ and it took a few minutes to get. Our order was up and the guy hands me the blizzard... it was over flowing with ice cream. Others may have felt happy for this, but I was pissed! It was like 100 degrees and my son had it in his hands less than 2 minutes and the blizzard was ALL OVER the place! I was like ughhhh! Now normally having extra blizzard woulda been ok! But since it was hot as balls out and we had to walk to the car I woulda thought the dude woulda just filled it to the top and not over load it! 

We ended up throwing it away after both of us got it all over our white clothing! UGH!  Still it was ok, the OJ I mean. DQ you guys suck! JK! I have lurve for ya!
You know when Las Vegas starts beginning to get hot and humid...You just need to find a place where you can get an ice cold drink because you get thirsty! So we decided to come here for a light berry pomegranate smoothie, which tasted very refreshing and great! I loved that they used Splenda sweetener, instead of, the syrup or other sugars. 

I would definitely recommend coming here when you come to this outlet on a hot and humid day!
This orange Julius is absolutely terrible.  The service is good but the drinks are just overly sweet sugar water.  I always get the strawberry original Julius, and this time was such a disappointment.  I'll never get a drink here ever again.  It's also more expensive than normal. Don't get anything here unless the management makes some changes.
On those hot Vegas spring and summer days when you're shopping at the outdoor Premium Outlets North, this is the perfect stop to grab a smoothie, ice cream or other cool treats. However I'm usually here because the Starbucks line is out of control and sometimes even out the door. Drink service is fast here and I never have to wait too long which is good since I have to get back to work. They don't really have food options here, so expect to stop by only for drinks or treats/desserts.
this cart is either found on library mall or on the capitol square for the farmer's market. I don't know where they're hiding the rest of the time. look for the all-red food cart. 

GREAT breakfast food! the farmer's crepe (i think that's what it's called) is a corn-based crepe with breakfast-burrito ingredients inside, fresh salsa and avocado and everything! savory ingredients with a slightly sweet crepe = yummy combo. 

i think everything here is home-made. including awesome biscuits, which they do breakfast sandwiches on, with a superb horseradish sauce. little bit messy and drippy, but sooo worth it!
Look for that cart at the corner of state street during farmer's market.  This place was rated as one of the top 10 best food carts in the country.  For good reason too, amazing breakfast!  Ingrid buys the best ingredients from around Madison and the farmers market and makes world class street food from her cart.  I love the breakfast sandwiches but when I'm out of town I find myself sometimes thinking about that apple crisp she makes.
Yay!  I went to high school with Ingrid, and had the pleasure of finding out that she and her younger sister were running this food cart one Saturday at the farmer's market.

I've had the banana nutella crepes several times (which were really tasty).  It was really inexpensive and filling too!    I kind of want to try the whole menu all at once because it all looks so delicious!

I'd honestly say this is one of my 3 favorite breakfasts in town.
Delicious. 

Stopped here for breakfast at the Farmer's Market, while everyone else was noshing on fried pastries. I just wanted something fresh and savory...and boy did I get it!

I ordered a crepe with eggs, asparagus, tomato and cheddar...and was blown away by how good it was! It was a bit pricey for morning fare, but it was a HUGE meal, so I knew I wouldn't be needing a lunch. You could totally split one of these, if you could somehow manage that and not make a mess walking around the square.

A must try!
I stopped by during the farmers market and had their biscuit stuffed with eggs mixed with cheese, asparagus and green onions. It was DELICIOUS!
My all-time favorite food cart at the Dane County Farmer's Market.

I vended at the market for a number of years, and Ingrid's egg and meat-stuffed crepes (or her oatmeal) were staples for me on those chilly Saturday mornings.

The crepes aren't super-cheap, but they're large enough to serve as two meals.

They come in both savory versions (stuffed with eggs and your choice of meats and/or veggies) or sweet (different fruit & spice combos, which change seasonally, and are often topped in fresh-whipped cream.)
Jin's has been around for as long as I can remember--I thought it was a late night food cart owned by an Asian man but it actually is the acronym for the first letter of the owner's three sons. A gloriously glutenous late night meal you can't go wrong with.  I personally prefer the catfish in it's all it's fried goodness.  Notoriously popular on campus--seriously go get yours!
This place is infamous.
Once I heard a University of MN-Twin Cities class of 2000 alumnus talking about how he'd driven from Minneapolis to Madison (four hours) basically for a sandwich at Jins - and this conversation was in 2005! 

The previous commenter majorly underestimates - usually on weekends in particular, there was a line between ten to thirty minutes! If not more! Even when it was fricking FREEZING outside, it's Wisconsin! and most people were hammered.
The point is waiting is an experience, since people are so messed up, you'll probably either see a fight or guys hitting on women like asshats or dancing to the 90s rap played by the tv in the window of the trailer. Go sober, the spectacle is something.
Jin's started offering expedited service for an additional $5, you could walk up to the backdoor and get your sandwich next. When you're drunk and don't give a damn, that's a good deal.

A friend of mine at one point was going EVERY SINGLE NIGHT, no lie. To the point where he actually became so familiar with the owner that he GOT A JOB WITH JIN'S, which is ridiculous since, as others have already noted, it's like two people working in a trailer, they really don't need the extra help. Craziness.

Never tried the fish but the chicken is really great.
Granted, once when I'd had a few adult beverages, I ate two and felt like I was about to die...

Where exactly this place is now, or if it will be around in the future, I'm not sure, since they were having issues with the city. I know students hope it'll be around forever.
Line is long during after bar hours.  They got a flat screen with music videos playing while you are waiting in line.  They have a "VIP" where you pay twice the price for the sandwich and you get to skip the line.  Seriously.  The catfish sandwich is perfectly fried with some lettuce, hot sauce and mayo.  Great to soak the alcohol up with.
I had the fish sandwich, minus the hot sauce. I guess that's why I'm giving it only three stars, versus the 4-5 star ratings these folks have posted. I can't handle any hotness, I guess it's because I am so hot already. ;) (sorry for the corny joke!)

The fish itself was fried and not greasy, but it was too salty! 

I much prefer the bacon wrapped hot dogs in the slums of downtown LA. But I can see why people would like this stand. Plus, there's tons of drunk folks doing dumb, drunk shenanigans. (Such as throwing a drunk friend into the huge, disgusting dumpsters in front of the stand.) Free entertainment rules!
Great! Best late night cart in downtown Madison
Greatest late night chicken sandwich ever.

I'm going to wax nostalgic for a second and say that JIN's used to be so much better when it was just chicken out of a trailer.  Nothing else, no rap videos.  Just delicious, unhealthy, delicious fried chicken.

Homecoming 2012, it's on.
If I could these guys would get an extra .5 stars. They were above average for a fast food establishment.

Auntie Anne's was the beacon of happiness in my dreary day at the airport. I spent almost 8 hours waiting for a plane but I was excited that I could justify splurging on junk food because it was my only option. I have to admit I like their pretzels. They're crunchy and buttery on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. My  favorite is the Jalapeno, but skip the cheese sauce. It tastes like plastic. Otherwise... It's cheap for airport food, it's yummy, and the line was looong but I waited less than 5 minutes! Awesome!
Yummy!! Good ol' fashioned terrible for you junk-food always hits the spot before going home after a great vacation. You are depressed, and you need something to fill that void- badly. Auntie Anne's cinnamon-sugar dipped pretzel will do just that. It is greasy, cinnamony, sugary, and all-around DELICIOUS. I don't want to know what is in it and or the calorie information, all I need to know is that it does the trick.
I don't care how good food is, or how much I love a place, it only takes one bad customer service experience to ruin it all. This review goes from bad...to better. I was in Vegas waiting to fly home and decided to take the kiddos for pretzels; plus I needed my sugar fix. I wont get into details but the two girls working were a mess. The one taking my order was confused and seemed to lack customer service skills in a major way. Almost like she was scared of working w/ppl. Wrong job sweetie. The other was preparing food and not dealing with me at all, but kept poking her head in and commenting on what was going on. There was bad communication, I got confused, the cashier was confused and the nosy chic on the side just kept making in worse. Lets just say I paid and walked away in the middle of Ms. Nosy talking. So that's the bad part. The better part is this: I was venting on twitter when I got a msg from Auntie Annes apologizing and asking about my experience. This company is a franchise and that one location will not keep me from visiting others. I wont let them spoil it for me. The tweet from the rep just made me feel better and I was thankful they cared enough to listen. So boo on you Auntie Annes at Vegas Airport! And yay to you Auntie Annes on Twitter!
My rating on this particular location will never change. But I will say this, corporate sent me a wonderful letter and gift card in the mail because of my yucky experience and that made me appreciate the company as a whole. But you Vegas girls need to get with it!
I'm not big on pretzels, but last time I was flying out of Vegas late at night, I grabbed a snack and was pleased when I got two pretzels for the price of one.  This time I went back and didn't get such a deal.  Apparently, they close at 12am, and for the last 15 minutes, they blow out their food for the day.  If you can show, up at 11:45pm and you can get 2 for 1!
Ah, the fresh smell of soft delicious pretzels reminds me of my childhood when mom would bake fresh treats after school. 

A large variety of flavors such as cinnamon sugar, almond (which is my personal favorite), jalapeño, sour cream and onion amongst others, Auntie Anne's is the best place for a no too guilty treat. They have slushies and drinks alone with *gasp* hot dog pretzels. If you're really hungry there are combos with drinks and pretzels, not too pricey for the freshness and the variety. 

They also have a lot of dipping sauces, the caramel goes best with the sweet pretzels whereas the cheese goes good with the savory pretzels. Pretzel sticks are twenty or so cents extra but I think you get more dough and they are easier and less messy to eat.

Kids love em, adults love em, even my dog loves em. Get some!
Since my carb trip was almost over, I had to get the final carb before heading back home.  I got a jalapeno pretzel for my husband and bits of pretzel in a cup for myself.  The jalapeno was super spicy but the pretzel was good.  The person behind the counter could have been a bit more pleasant.
Service is mediocre, but I that won't stop me from coming here. I love the pretzle recipe here. Delish!!
Two pretzel dogs for $7. That's $1 more than the deal at Dulles.

Same quick, fast, friendly service. Watched my brother wolf these two down faster than he did the two from Dulles.
At the airport at 5:30 AM, starving since I haven't eaten in about an hour, and with nothing else open...my choices are slim. There's a Starbucks open but the line was crazy long. So, it's Auntie Anne's Pretzels for breaking the fast.  Customer service was okay, but could be better.  The line was quick, but I was the only one in it. Then there's the food. I got their Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich.  The sandwich was small, greasy, burnt, and did not hit the spot.  The sandwich looked like McDonald's version, but nowhere close to their taste.  Sad when McDonalds is the benchmark.  Good thing I packed some turkey meatballs, chicken breast, and shake for the flight.

I guess I should just stick to what they are known for, which is pretzels.  Not the best choice for meal #2, but it's still food.  First time ever eating from Auntie Anne's Pretzels and was little disappointed. Still giving them 3 stars because its basically fast food and you get what you pay for.
Wonderful in two visits: Perfectly hot and fresh with just the right amount of butter and salt. And noteworthily pleasant service!
I was looking for some vegan friendly spots in the airport and found out that anne's pretzel dough is free of animal products.  
The catch, however, is that most of the pretzels served here are drenched in butter.  They may have some straight from the oven that haven't been buttered yet, but other than that, most items are glazed before sale.  

Besides that disappointment, service is pretty crappy and prices are inflated, of course.

Try to bring your own snacks to the airport if you can.
I do like the cinnamon sugar pretzels and the bites and the pretzel dogs.  This time the bites were a bit over cooked or sat around too long as they were chewy in a bad way.  Taste was okay, texture not, calories definitely not.
Ew.

It was 11pm and I was waiting to take my red-eye flight home.  I hadn't eaten in who knows how many hours.  I was so excited when I saw Auntie Anne's.  I wanted a warm, soft, salty pretzel with cheese sauce.  It was going to be glorious.

What I got was a room temperature, not very soft, not very salty pretzel with a pre-packaged cheese sauce that when opened was the most rancid-looking cheese I've ever seen.  It had separated and had this oily, congealed texture.  I really wanted cheese sauce so I gathered up all my luggage and trekked it back up there.  I showed them the cheese sauce and I asked "is this how it's supposed to look?"  The girl made a face and handed me another one.  I checked the new one.  Ew.  Same thing.  She gave me a third one.   This one didn't look as bad but it didn't look that good either.  I debated whether I should give this one a go and asked for sweet mustard as a back-up.

Go back to my gate and get settled in.  I try both of the sauces.  Double ew.  They're just gross.  Even the sweet mustard which I'd think it'd be hard to mess up tasted too sweet and yet, bitter.

In conclusion, ew.  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6qwn19mI31qkmqj8o1_500.gif
The only thing I can say is average and pretty much the same as any other mall pretzel establishment. I asked for mustard and received a strange response from the girl working the register. She says "mustard? On a pretzel?  Eweue...  I only like mustard on the 'dogs". The funny part was the unusually large canister of mustard packets was nearing empty. They could apply more butter and a bit dry but it's in an airport and poop tastes good if it's prepared right.
4 stars because when my gf and I were waiting at the airport, we were craving pretzels. Not only that but they were still fresh even at the end of the night! We even got it buy one get one free since they were about to close. So soft, luscious, and love all the cinnamon sugars on it!
Jalapeño Pretzel with salsa cheese dip is a must try here. Pretzels are the best when they are fresh out of the oven. The staff is usually pretty good about letting you know if it's fresh or not.
What is not to love about pretzels! Especially these. The new jalapeño with cheese is so yummy!
Great sweet potato casserole & ribs. Friendly people who love to bbq.

sauce is a little sweet for my taste but they put it on the side so thats good.

I only had the opportunity to try their goods at the 1st annual Charity BBQ Battle.

I voted them for best side dish.
Believe the hype - it may just be a food truck, but Top Notch Barbeque is a legitimate BBQ game-changer in Vegas, with the potential to do for que what Slider Truck did for burgers. 

The Las Vegas Weekly just recognized them (rightly) as the best BBQ in Vegas, which is a refreshing change of pace in a city that insists on bowing at the overrated altars of flavorless Famous Dave's or jerky-tough Memphis Championship.

The thing to order here is the pulled pork sandwich topped with Cincinnati chili. It's like two of my favorite foods ever made a delicious baby. Served on a crispy toasted bun, the sandwich is a brilliant "why-didn't-somebody-think-of-it-sooner?" pairing of rich, smoky (apple and pecan wood, I think?) and impossibly juicy pork shoulder and just a touch of sweet, spicy Cincy chili. Honestly the pork is a little more chopped than pulled, and while I generally prefer the latter, this is perfection. Especially when contrasted with the relatively thin texture of the chili, which is a perfect example of the unique, cinnamon-centric regional favorite. The only other spot in Vegas serving Cincy chili is Egg and I/Egg Works, and to be honest I find their chili to be overly sweet and a little dry in comparison. But this? The real deal.

The only other meat I've had there is their hot link, which is juicy with a nice snap - I wish I had ordered it with the chili. Their potato salad is the only side that I've had, and it's superb. I've heard many good things about their sweet potato casserole and baked beans and definitely look forward to trying them.

Their sauce comes in mild and spicy; as is custom I opted for the hot. Which actually had a fair amount of bite - a rare thing for me to say about anyone's BBQ sauce.

A word must be said about the service. Pitmaster Jimmy Cole is welcoming, outgoing, energetic and friendly - and his passion for what he does comes shining through.

I just wish they'd sell the chili on its own. Because I would put that on everything.
As a long-time dweller of one of the best barbeque cities in the world (Memphis, TN.), I regularly frequented the Memphis-in-May festival's BBQ Championship.  Top Notch would be a seriously competitor.

For the past 12 years, dreams of "barking" dry ribs and sweet pulled-pork turned into nightmares as, one-by-one, chain BBQ joints sold leather and shoe lace masquerading as "authentic" Memphis-style BBQ.  Top Notch does it right understanding that "dry ribs" are an art form derived from perfectly blended spices, fruit-wood smoke and, at most, a scant amount of cider vinegar to salve the sweating pig.  The sauce I tried was not showy and complemented pork perfection, rather than attempting to cloak dry, under-cooked meat as is typical of many "sauce-based" chains.

Knowing how good the meat was, I would have still given 4 stars had Top Notch tripped on the sides, but they pulled through for 5 with great service and a sweet and crunchy (from a brown sugar, pecan topping) sweet potato casserole, which was practically a souffle, and a creamy potato salad.  I even enjoyed the Texas Toast, which was an adequate shovel for scarfing the last remnants of shredded pork and sauce.

Next time (read: Tomorrow), I will definitely indulge in the Cincinnati Chili - I hope to convince the owners to boil some pasta soon and serve up a 3-way, smothered in shredded cheese.  In any case, Ohio's loss is Las Vegas's gain when it comes to Top Notch Barbeque!
Went to the new one on Eastern in Henderson.  Not good at all!  Texas toast only toasted on one side.  Had a BBQ Sandwich which consisted of soggy Texas toast, pickles an onions on the side and two tough rib bones with BBQ sauce on top.  Really?  And they are trying to charge Lucille prices!  They plaster this special deal on their window and it is nowhere on their menu.  You have to ask about it.  Then, this is what you get.  So glad I didn't spend more.  I don't mind spending 80 bucks at Lucilles, but not here.  Never again.
After trying their ribs once as take-out, I was impressed enough to return for a meal in the restaurant. The reviews that I read here complained about their service mostly but I must say that Liz was covering the tables like a blanket. Her helper served us our drinks as soon as we sat down. Liz came to give us the menu and left us alone for a few minutes. Then she was there to take the order. The food came within 10-15 min and the owner came to make sure everything was OK. During our meal, Liz was there at least 3 times to see if we needed anything. I do not know what else one can expect in terms of service in any restaurant. As for their ribs, they were SUPERB, by far better than the famous chains and definitely up there with Rollins, if not better. The sides were very good as well. If you are worry about your weight, do not order the best side dish they have. That would be the sweet potato casserole. The cole slaw and french fries were a little better than average. There is no attampt to create any atmosphere here. The emphasis is food and it is very good. Their recent nomination as the best ribs in town is well deserved. They also deserve more clients to make sure that they stay open in Henderson for me :).
FREE Lemonade Mixer from @AuntieAnnes on @twitter. Thanks!:-)

I tried the Watermelonade and it was just as refreshing as it sounds.

My Favorite Pretzel place-you have to try their NEW pepperoni pizza pretzel with marinara!!

A change from that  old slice of pizza.

Be Sure to Sign up on their website for Pretzel Perks to get FREE stuff,Coupons & other special offers.
Yummy and delicious quick snack while shopping.
I tried a Nutella banana crepe at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. Delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!! The crepe was perfect, not too flimsy or chewy. Also, I liked that they give it to you in some sort of flat paper cone, so it's easy to walk around and eat:)

I got  a crust less lemon tart that was delicious as well. I took only  two bites as my almost two year old ate most of it!
Found these two (thanks to twitter) at the Tet Festival in Mesa. I tried the banana, mango, vanilla cream and crushed meringue crepe. It was unbelievable. Fantastic flavor and texture on a perfectly made crepe. 

Delicious food from a sweet couple.. I will be watching their twitter feed tor more locations (hopefully soon!).

Yum!
I agree with the other Yelpers in that Truckin Good Food is awesome!!  They bring such an authentic style crepe to the PHX area--something hard to find.... for a reasonable price too!!  I also had the sweet crepe with banana, vanilla pastry cream, and crushed meringue (I have never had anything with crushed meringue before and it was yummy!)  We also got the kimchee vegetarian crepe with cheese and shredded coconut  (what a crazy combo--I think I'll get another one today since I'll be volunteering at Tet today again--yay!)

Erin and Jeffrey are so sweet too--something very hard to come by these days :)
I'm a huge fan of crepes. I make them at home whenever I get a chance. I must say, though, that Jeff takes the crepe to a whole new level for me and puts mine to shame. The fillings are always awesome. 

Sadly, since the city won't let them do crepes right now, we must suffer without. And yet, Jeff still comes through with other awesome creations. I look forward to every Sunday and catching them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market. 

Jeff & Erin - Keep on truckin!
Truckin' Good Food is by far my favorite part of the Ahwatukee Farmers Market!  So far, I have tried the Veggie crepe and the Bean and Cheese crepe and both were spectacular.  For various reasons, it had been about a month since I had been able to meet up with their tent on Sundays and today I got my fix!

Jeff and Erin are both so sincere and friendly, which makes it easy to hang out and chat while your crepe is made right in front of you.  The care and attention put into each and every order really makes TGF stand out from the rest, the fresh, quality ingredients don't hurt either!

Next week, I've got to try the PB&J!!
Amazing! I tried their sweet nutella crepe for the first time a few months ago and have been craving it ever since. Jeff and Erin are such incredible people. Their knowledge of food and crepes is beyond scary.  Gotta trust the guy who has a nutella tattoo right? And they're always coming out with new yummy items for their menu. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Until I ordered from Truckin' Good Food, I was a crepe virgin.  So fittingly, my first crepe was called "My First Time."  My First Time also became my second time...just so you know.

I love the nutella and I love bananas, and at first, that's all I wanted in my crepe.  Jeff persuaded me to get it with walnuts as well.  I'm glad I did.  It was delish!

Truckin' Good Food is awesome.  I look forward to trying other crepes and seeing them around in their new truck.
Really fantastic crepes.
something i couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams - i drive 20 minutes, every sunday to delight in parisian-style street food in ahwatukee.  

the first "truckin" crepe i ever tried is called "umami what" which combines sesame and soy pickled cherry tomotes, fresh chevre, mushroom ragout wakame, fresh spinach and basil.  all i have to say is that it is SO TRUCKING GOOD i can't even try the other menu items yet!

awesome. awesome. awesome.
Ok, so this business is currently run from a mobile kitchen.  Now I do mean that it is a kitchen.  The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.  They are currently going to various farmers markets, Old Town Scottsdale and Awatuke,  and going to private parties when they are asked.  
So when you have the chance to find where they are and try them.  You won't be disappointed at all.  They are great.  
Also check then out on twitter.
I'll keep this one simple. Do yourself a favor and hunt this truck down. I've had crepes from a street stand in Paris. TGF makes you feel like you never left (oppressive heat notwithstanding).

I had my first experience with TGF today, just before they wrapped up. I had the People's Choice: a simple crepe jam-packed with Nutella, peanut butter, and bananas. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Tack on their great pommes frites with the truffle oil ketchup and you have a serious winner. To top it off, Jeff hooked me up with a sample of his new custard creation which was absolutely fantastic.

Friendly people, great food, and they're on wheels! Now to find a way to get them down to Mill Avenue, where I work...
07/14/10 and 10/14/10!  (What a coincidence!  I did not plan the 3-month interval...)

My first visit to T'GF was for Bastille Day, when Jeff K. and his food truck had a "taste-off" against Torched Goodness.  I found them both to be equally good that day, although Jeff was a little more generous w/ his frozen dessert sample compared to TG's thimble sample (TG was out of the two flavors I wanted to try)!  Since I couldn't decide which was better of the two, I didn't vote... Sorry, Jeff K.!

I decided to try the Bastille Day dessert crepe, expecting I'd get a traditional crepe w/ vanilla ice cream.  Instead, I received a cup filled w/ ice cream and garnished w/ a sliver of a cookie and, I'd like to say, a raspberry coulis.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g#fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g  Delicious, but a bit too sweet!  (Yes, yes, Jeff K. did describe to me what I was going to receive before preparing my order, but I'd just had a sample of flan, which contains egg, of which I'm allergic to, that has many side effects, one of which is a lack of concentration!  Come to think of it, the ice cream probably consisted of eggyolks, as well.)

My second visit to T'GF left me being a happier camper!  I had already checked out the website's menu and had two items in mind, but was sidetracked into ordering frites (potato fries cooked in duck fat).  I placed my order of a Brittany crepe, as well as one beignet, no powdered sugar.  After a few minutes, I'd remembered it was the panisse frites (chickpea fries) that I'd wanted to try, so I asked Jeff if it was too late to change my mind.  No, it wasn't too late!  Since there was a line of people before me waiting for their crepes to be prepared (I think they can only make two crepes at a time back there), I opted to pop inside Downtown PHX Public Market and have a go at the menu, as well.

Stop the presses!  The Brittany crepe was tres magnifique!  It consisted of a buckwheat crepe filled w/ local Buckeye, AZ Crow's Dairy chevre, as well as a little buckwheat honey.  Food orgasm!  I'm definitely going to order this one again on my next visit!  The panisse frites were OK, albeit very, very mild-tasting.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw#svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw  While deep-fried, they weren't greasy at all.  They reminded me a bit of falafel, though definitely not as dense (far from it!) nor as flavorful as falafel.  I didn't find the light-as-air lemon-herb froth that accompanied the fries punchy enough to pair well w/ the crispy fries :(  Perhaps a creamier dip would suffice?  The curry mayo (which came w/ a fellow Yelper's frites) was a better match.  As for the beignet-- it looked delicious, but I couldn't try it since Jeff's assistant forgot to hold the powdered sugar.  Boo!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A#GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A
Sorry for not having a photo of the Brittany crepe-- once I'd had a taste of it, I didn't want to pause to turn on my camera phone.  (I figured I could always take one the next time I visit!  Hahaha!)  I bumped into Yelpers Dolores, Robyn, and Lynn, who later accepted my invitation to sit at my table and so was able to sample Robyn's frites w/ curry dip (the same dip I'd picked out initially before changing my mind!)  They're pretty good!  Thanks, Robyn!  BTW, thanks for the feedback on the beignet and its "super-yummy" caramel sauce!
Yum! Crepes are delicious! I had the special with Brie and apples. Pommes frites were super tasty as well! Don't miss if you go to the Ahwatukee Farmers Market.
Last weekend I finally got to eat a crepe from this truck and am STILL thinking about it.  While going through my last walk-through at the Scottsdale Farmer's Market I spotted the truck and instantly became as giddy as a schoolgirl.  So many friends had told me good things and I was excited to finally get my hands on a crepe from TGF.  The Papa K had tons of gooey (Tillamook!) cheese, slices of ham, fresh greens, and mushroom ragout wrapped in a buckwheat crepe.  I would have had another before leaving, but decided to hold back against my better judgment.  Can't wait to find TGF again so I can sample more of their tasty crepes.
Amazing!!! I tried their Nutella-banana-nut crepe at the Old Town Farmers Market in Scottsdale, AZ and it was simply the best Nutella Crepe I've ever had. Keep it up!
At this point, I've had three of the four crepe selections, with the Veg being the only one I haven't tried. The verdict is that they are fantastic.

With choices both sweet and savory, the real winner remains the My First Time, a collection of Nutella, Bananas, and Walnuts in warm fresh crepe. This is an amazing piece of food. 

Now, in addition to all of the delicious delicious crepes, there are fries. And the fries are SO good. Made with Duck Fat, these are exquisite bits of fried potato. Combined with homemade dipping sauces, they just can't be beat. Check them out at Farmer's Markets around town. Go get some! They're delish! :)

Check out more pics and a longer review at http://rapunxelle.wordpress.com/
I have a simple argument for why you should stop what you are doing right now and go find this food truck.

Duck Fat Fries!

Yeah, I'm sure I can stop right there.  Game, set, match!  You lose the debate, but win the lottery in taste.

You need more convincing?  Blasphemy!!!  But okay, how about I blow your mind with a single word.

NUTELLA!!!

Oh, hey I'll wait a minute so you can recover your senses.  That's right, low and behold they made nutella, banana, pecan filled crepes and it was good.  Damn good!  Push your mother over and step on her neck to get the last one good.

My sister introduced me to this food truck at which I hold worship every week.  And for this I owe her a kidney.  RUN! don't walk to this food truck.

P.S. - Tillamook cheese rules!  And if sweet isn't your thing because your mother smoked when she was pregnant.  Than they have you covered with their mouthwatering savory crepes too.
Delicious crepes! I love that they're obviously just a little independent group - I get a crepe almost every Sunday at the Farmer's Market. It can be a bit of a wait but worth it!
It started as a low vibration in my mouth.

Then it became a little more of a low-volume Hum.

Then my teeth started rattling, just a little bit.

I went and looked in the mirror into my opened mouth, and it hit me as to what was happening.

My taste buds were.....what?.....chanting......????

All I heard was tiny little echo of  "We Are Not Worthy.....We Are Not Worthy" over and over again, building to a crescendo, then stopping abruptly. 

Then they took a low bow.

This was right after eating the Mardi-Gras-inspired Comte ~ ham ~ celery root rémoulade crêpe from TGF today.

It was seriously one of the best things to ever cross my taste buds.

This truck is worthy of the hype.  Some aren't - but this one IS.

I've still yet to get a taste of the duck fat fries - went too early once, and this time I was too late as they were sold out.  Darnedest luck.

Go out of your way to visit these nice folks and their other-worldly crêpes.  You will not be disappointed.
I was so stoked for the Crepes and Craft beer event@ Hanratty's w/Truckin' Good Food, but I can't say I could 'rave' about any of it. Our first course was chips w/something, something duck fat. Love the duck fat dip, but again, it was just potato chips. Second course, sausage and potatoes-yum. Here again, I felt let down. The potatoes reminded me of instant w/ a single piece of kale placed on top. Yes, single. To finish, Crepé Suzette, good but not astounding. I'm afraid I had my hopes too high-I don't even remember all the snazzy details. I'd like to try their real food, maybe the fantastic other crepes I hear about. Maybe just because it was an event I wasn't so blown away? I'll def give them another shot when I get a chance. Sorry. :(
Tried them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and love them!  I can't  for the next food adventure with them.
sad that they aren't at the old town farmers' market for the summer!

hope to see you and erin in the fall!
This was my first food truck. They were super nice, friendly and even gave me a tour of the truck. 

The duck fat fries were amazing, and everything I've eaten there has been great.
Stumbled upon Truckin' Good Food's truck for the first time on a Saturday morning at the Ahwatukee Farmers' Market with my wife shortly after we moved here from Indiana. Smelled the food before finally figuring out where it was coming from and had to give it a try. 

So I went with a Papa K buckwheat crepe (Palo Verde ham ~ pepper jack ~ mushroom ragout ~ spinach); great combination of flavors 

As a side dish (although I could have eaten a bowlful as a dish of it's own) duck fat frites. I am convinced that everything should be fried in duck fat; it is just an incredible flavor. 

The dipping sauces (garlic mayo; ketchup; red chili mayo; Dijon; malt vinegar; pesto; tzatziki; ginger tomato; honey mustard) with garlic mayo the one I had this first time. To my knowledge all of the sauces are made by Chef Jeff Kraus (owner/chef of Truckin' Good Food). 

The crepes and frites are both certainly filling, but without being heavy feeling. 

Lastly, the sweet crepes; 

my first time 
Nutella ~ caramelized banana ~ walnut 

smokin' cone 
chocolate crémeux ~ marshmallow brûlée ~ graham 

showtime 
caramel custard ~ almond ~ poached fruit 

jam on it 
choice of selected jams 

wake up 
coffee mascarpone ~ caramel ~ chocolate espresso beans 

I think they all sound/smell great, but I have a soft spot for Nutella everytime. :) 

If you get a chance to be in the same place as this truck, please tell Jeff and staff hello and you have heard good things about them. You will not be disappointed. 

PS They are looking at starting a fixed location (soon), so I will gladly post an update as soon as I get a chance to enjoy that next phase in Truckin' Good Food's evolution. 

Cheers!
Sooooo, I had heard great things about Truckin' Good Food, and did lots of research on them before going to the Scottsdale Farmer's Market to stalk them.  We made a special trip to go find this crepe truck, and I must say the crepes were delicious.  Unfortunately my issue is with the wait and the lack of ingredients.  

There wasn't anyone in front of us, so we walked right up to the window and ordered two crepes. I ordered a nutella and banana crepe, except they didn't have any bananas, I was like that's fine...I'm here for a crepe, I will get one- so just plain nutella (but they didn't offer to reduce the price which sort of annoyed me).  Then we ordered the other sweet crepe which was lemon curd.  Since there wasn't anyone there, we thought it would be quick, however they said it would be 20 minutes for the crepes to be ready.  I was shocked.  How can to have customers wait for 20 minutes for crepes when there aren't even people in line.  I couldn't imagine how long it would take it there were people in front of us.

Finally, after getting the crepes and getting a chance to eat them, I was at least happy with the result.  The crepes were flavorful (even if they were missing banana) and thin.  I'd go back, but hope that they had figured out how to get crepes out faster.
Love these guys at CYCLE Bar in the Lexington Hotel!  We have Pop-Up Chefs every weekend and Jeff Kraus is the best!! Find him there on Saturday NOV. 5th. cyclephoenix.com for reservations
As you can see from the photo, super cute little tiny sliders.  They stayed perfectly formed, even going down the street, back to my car, back to the parking garage, two blocks back to my building, up the elevator... you get the picture.  The Perfect Slider (left) is very, very good and consistent with the Perfect Burger served at the LBS restaurant.  The California Slider (middle) was ok.  I was really excited about the avocado on this one but the turkey patty is just too blah to make it work.  The Ahi Slider (right) is to die for!  Perfectly done.  It's a little scary getting raw fish from a food truck, but it tasted very, very fresh and at the right temperature (a little cool on the inside even after its travels with two burgers in the same container).  One Perfect Slider and two Ahi Sliders and I would have been perfectly happy.

The fries are also very good and consistent with LBS restaurant.  Make sure to ask for the fry sauce!  But they give you a ton of fries, which is a good thing except when you are a french fry addict like me.

They have a good variety of sodas and other drinks, including caffeine-free and sugar-free options.  They had a special for kalbi tacos with kimchee.  I'll try that next time if they have it.  Maybe.  The Ahi Slider is just too good. 

In my limited Las Vegas food truck experience, these food trucks park in the strangest, most ghetto-ass places.  Maybe that has something to do with city regulations.  I could have walked from work, but I drove for fear of getting mugged.  Plus, if they didn't serve the food to go (thankfully they did), where would I eat it?  Sit on the curb outside of Western Cab?  I don't think so.

I haven't tried Slidin Thru yet (or even Fukuburger) because I really don't have the time to chase food trucks or stand in line.  But the opportunity ever presents itself, I'd be happy to compare.
Why am I the only one reviewing this?  I know others have tried it.  Fess up!

LBS Patty Wagon was back downtown the other day at the Western Cab location and I swung by to get some burgers.  Either they are afraid of the wind or the people down there, because the order window was boarded up when I got there.  But they removed the board and took my order. 

This time I tried the urth slider which I would not recommend.  Dry and with a weird pea flavor.  Even if you are vegetarian and have no other choice, don't do it!  Run away!  Just get the fries.  And the fries are spectacular.  Huge chunks of sea salt and they give you lots of fries.  Make sure to get the fry sauce.  It's not particularly healthy but it is oh so good.

The perfect slider was perfect as always and the classic slider was great as well.  You can get three sliders, fries, and drink for $9.  And they have diet Snapple!
Tried the Californian and the Perfect yesterday and I was pleasantly impressed! The burgers were mini, but packed full of flavor. I definitely want to try the Ahi and the Shoestring fries next time.

I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is curious. The only downside is the wait, but it is well worth it. I hear they have a restaurant too! Hope I will be able to hit that up sometime in the near future. 

The price is not too bad either!
Finally had the chance to try them at the Throwdown with Fuku and Slidin Thru.

I ordered the Perfect burger, which I thought was pretty good. I would give it 3 stars, but the bun was a weird texture. I was expecting the texture to be soft and spongy, but it was so weird I can't even explain it. To top if off the prices are pretty pricey, which was $7 just for a burger. Sorry, but you deserve the 2 star rating.
Maybe my expectations were higher than normal for the LBS Patty Wagon, being a mobile kitchen extension of the sit down restaurant inside Red Rock Casino.  But after trying the "Perfect Burger", I thought it was just an okay burger, composed from more gourmet ingredients (i.e., frissee, gruyere cheese, herb mayo) compared to the other food truck burgers/sliders offerings.  At $7 it was a fair value, as you can obviously get less for your money trying other food choices from other food trucks.

The taste of the burger was somewhat disappointing for me.  Maybe that has a lot to do with the all-beef patty being cooked well-done, which is a major turnoff for me right there.  But the combination of the beef with melting Gruyere Cheese, Herb mayo, Smoked Bacon, LBS Burger Sauce, Frissee, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, and Red Onion Marmalade, which looks really good on paper, ended not doing anything for me.  Hell, even Carl's Jr's Original Six Dollar Burger was a better tasting and more "perfect" burger in my opinion.

I probably will not seek out the LBS Patty wagon in the future. However, for those that are into the budding food truck culture of Las Vegas, I say give it a try and decide for yourself.  For all I know the dry patty was a fluke, and their burgers are supposed to be more juicy.

The best part of the LBS Patty Wagon experience are the sample nitrogen chilled treats.  It is definitely worth trying, especially since it is free.  Their Dessert Slider made with macaroons is a concept that I think needs refining, along with the flavor profile.

2 Stars.
So I FINALLY tracked down this truck. It seems like its always in Henderson!? Anyways, there were 4 trucks hanging out together this afternoon: slidin thru, sno-cone, foodslingers and lbs. I bee lined for lbs cuz I was starving! And I ordered the perfect burger. Oddly enough, NO WAIT! but all the other trucks did have a wait, which made me a bit wary of lbs. Sno-cones I understand, it was hot today. But slindin thru and foodslingers were more busy, and I wondered a bit as to why lbs was so unloved. Even so, it was a yummy burger with bacon, gruyere, arugala, an interesting ketchup and (yuck!) sundried tomatoes. If you didn't already know, I like my tomatoes cold and fresh, any other way is disgusting. I'm looking at you places that serve steamed tomatoes for breakfast! Anyways, all in all a good decent burger, but nothing to innovative. I think I'd prefer fuku over lbs.
The LBS Patty Wagon "Perfect Burger" ($7): beef patty topped with gruyere cheese, bacon, oven roasted tomato, frisee, red onion marmalade, LBS sauce and herb mayo. Sounds good, doesn't it? I thought so. In reality, the patty was dry, devoid of any juiciness, thin, hard, and overcooked. It was like one of those nasty burgers from McDonald's (except twice as expensive). The bacon was fatty and undercooked, although I did enjoy the flavor from the red onion marmalade and sauce. With the proliferation of food trucks in the valley, I doubt I'll ever be back.
first time at their truck. I had the Ahi sliders and the were pretty good. I would go to 3.5 stars. I've had some better but i would eat these again. next time i would try a burger.
After seeing the truck driving around in town often and never going to the Red Rock restaurant I made a point in trying at the Costco Food truck event. I had the Texan burger for $7, It has a burger with Brisket, Slaw and BBQ sauce. For $7 it is fair or you can get with drink and fries for $9.

The Burger itself was ok, too much dry bun, really thin patty, decent amount of brisket. Defiantly better than a fast food burger but lacked a lot of depth. I think if they had a thicker patty, and a better bun they would be in the 4 star maybe 5 star range.
I had the Ahi sliders, the buns sucked and barely any sauce. I was not impressed at all, I typically read reviews before I try a new place or food truck but this time didnt. Once I ate one of my sliders I had to read the reviews on Yelp which I completely agree with. I hate to say that I will try LBS at Red Rock now from the taste of my sliders. Also the girls from the office had the original and veggie patty, they all were not very impressed. Lets just say We will not be having this truck again. OH and its was expensive, $7 for 3 tiny Ahi sliders that were thrown together?  No thanks!
The owner of my company had the Patty Wagon roll up at our place for a couple of hours treating all the employees to lunch.  I am a BIG fan of the restaurant so I had high expectations.  It was a set menu of either a cheeseburger, urth (vegetarian) or a hot dog with a drink, choice of side (iceburg lettuce salad, mixed greens salad, chips or fries) and a chocolate chip cookie as well.  

The cheeseburger was a no brainer.  I was hoping to get as close to a perfect burger as possible but the only ingredient I could get was gruyere cheese :(  Still a decent burger but it doesn't do the restaurant any justice.  It was a bit smaller than their home joint serves and try carrying the burger, salad, cookies and drink back to the desk.  Now you know why I don't do trucks.  Salad was fresh and the cookie was fine.    

If I see the truck, I'll probably order but I won't seek it out when I can go to their Red Rock location for a much better experience that I can wash down with a beer or two.
Flow Rider is the New Truck in Town, they have a pretty solid menu offering burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches.

The first thing you will notice about Flowrider is their Portions, let's just say they're BIG, and every order includes fries and a drink.

The menu is pretty expansive, I had D Porker, which can best be summed up as a deli that exploded and ended up on a bun, D Porker includes: Fried pork, beef, bacon, ham, sliced hot dog, beans, egg, muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado, served on a grill french bread.

It was a huge sandwich (camera on my phone doesn't work so I was unable to snap a photo), but trust me it was impressive!

The fries were rather forgettable, but it's nice that they were included along with a drink, other trucks are a la carte and the price can add up quickly.

My friend had the 12" Loco Dog which includes: A 12" beef dog wrapped with bacon, grill onions, jalapeno relish, special sauce, and guacamole on grill bun

He said it was really good, a little messy, but good.

I liked Flowrider, they still have a few kinks to work out, but given time they could become a contender for the vegas food truck crown.

Ok...here's my few complaints so they can work on improving and getting 4 or 5 stars on my next visit.

1- The fries are weak, they were under seasoned, a little soggy, and were rather blah. I may have just gotten a bad batch, but they were pretty forgettable.

2- The Toppings, there is a point when you reach overkill, when a sandwich has more than 10 items on it you might be going a little overboard, all of the ingredients in my Porker were great, but they got lost when they were mixed all together, I actually dissected my second half and ate it piece by piece, all of the meats were amazing, but it may be a little overkill.

3- Location I know finding places is hard when you start you, and the place you were at had a ton of traffic (rainbow and russel), parking was ok (hospital lot across the street), but there were no tables, benches, grassy areas, or anywhere to sit, I don't mind eating in my car, but if a group of people want to eat it can be a little hard.

4- Your Hours, I know you're new and you are still getting things worked out, but being open 3 hours a day 11a-2p is not enough time for people to get a chance to try your grub. I really think with your portions and prices, you would be a better late night truck than a lunch truck, you could corner the post bar greasy food market if you found the right location and got the word out!!!

I will give flowrider truck a few more tries, and hopefully they earn a few more stars, the more quality trucks this town gets, the better!!!
My BF just left home and I'm getting a call from him. Uhoh. 

Nothing to worry about- he was just letting me know that he saw Flowrider right by our house. He knows how I love my food trucks, even way before it was cool to go curbside. Gotta love a thoughtful man. 

I grabbed the Philly Rider which is Beef  with grilled onions, mushrooms, green & red peppers, topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and jalapenos on a 9" grill french roll. Comes with fries and you get a choice of bottled drinks (the usual sodas, water and some Jaritos) for $10.  

Wowwweee this was huge of a sandwich. I grabbed a fork to work it out and I definitely think they should stock a lot of fork and knives! LOL I liked my sandwich a lot and thought the flavors work well. I do like Philly cheesesteaks but I'm not a "cheesesteak person" because it gets too dense and rich with just a whole lot of meat and cheese going on. I like their take because the crisp lettuce gives a crunchy texture and tomatoes and jalapenos lightens up the flavors a bit. I might be stating blasphemy for some right now in saying that I will probably get this philly over Pops. Pops is good but too damn rich that I always have to share a sandwich and get other sides and another sandwich to break up the dense flavors.

 I ate a good amount of fries first and I thought that it was lightly crispy and good. They weren't seasoned, but apparently before they put seasoning and some people thought there was too much so they're trying without. I added a packet of salt to get it to where I want it. Since they are sitting most under the sandwich, I think that's really where it can pose a problem with losing its crispness since the weight of the sandwich is on it.

The ingredients were fresh and quality so they weren't skimping quality to make their big quantities. Some of their options are wild like the D Porker, but I think a lot of people can get into some of the other offerings. You can always strip it down if you're not a "topping person".  Theres also some "mini" options for smaller appetites and really nothing is stopping anyone to share some of these. I got maybe a 3rd of my food it before I had to take it to-go to eat a little later. 

As I was eating I got talking to the crew about food truck culture, randomness and a bit about themselves. Apparently they're not new to foodtrucks- they ran a taco truck that went to construction sites for 2 years and have gone this new route into the "culture". When it comes to this business, personable people go a long way. It's no secret that I go where food is good, but I frequent places where the staff/owners are people that make you feel at ease and makes me feel like I'm eating at a relatives house. In fact, "Pelon" reminds me of  one of my Tios.  It was very comfortable talking to Gigi who runs the orders and "Flaco" and "Pelon" manning the line. I normally never let businesses know about Yelp or that I'm a Yelper, but it was really easy to talk to them and they were very receptive to wanting to know what people think and what can be done better. I also rarely give suggestions while I'm at a business since I never want to put my mouth where it don't belong and cause tension, but since they were receptive I threw out some ideas that might help like putting fries in a paper bag on the side and maybe leaving the french fry seasoning out so people can season or not to their liking. Maybe see some locations where people can sit curbside or on some grass since that lot is really rocky (I suggested to check out the Centennial Hills Park/Library/YMCA area). I really want to see this truck succeed. 

After reading Chris M.s review, I can see where he's going with the night time venue. Don't get me wrong, I would eat this for lunch, but I'm just a late night person so I just woke up and threw on clothes at 1:30pm to catch them in the 3hour slot that they're out for the day. A few longer days or maybe a day where it's late night might bring more customers. A late night honker of a sandwich to end the night....hell yes that would be lovely. Fuku does it and they're always with a crowd. Perfect nightcap (dinner often times for night owls like me), drunk food, stoner food....and that's not a downer comment coming from me, it's a high compliment since I usually want a lot of things while in a "altered state" but at the same time get very oddly picky of what I would eat. This would be a good one to go to First Friday and those Thristy Thursdays bar crawls. 

I think for them being open only for a week they are doing good. Every truck here that's doing well had to work kinks out.  I see some promise here and hope they do well. Since they used to do a taco truck, I have to try their tacos next- The Super Tacation.

Once they get more into their Flow I can get into following this Rider.
Due to my incurable desire to try all the food trucks in Vegas I had to stop by  Flow Rider truck since it was not too far from where I live. Flow rider truck's design is interesting, you can't see in the pictures but it has a background of the strip to go along with its sin city theme.

First off I would like to say that their portions puts pretty much everything to shame. I'm thinking that goes along with the sin city theme, giant proportions that are not good for you, but you can't help. Food can range anywhere from $4.50 to $20. The $20 item is this huge burger with 8 sirloin patties and many other things. 

Anyways I only ordered two lunch specials, the mini loco dog and the mini hydrolic, but man for $4.50 it makes me regret touching subway. I believe that there are four specials, which are mini versions of their regular menu, comes with a McDonald's medium size of fries and a 20 oz soda, great lunch deal if you ask me.  This is not diet friendly food, but you only live once. Moving on the mini loco dog which is 6 inches, its a California street dog of giant proportions. The huge beef dog is wrapped with bacon and top with avocado, lightly grilled onions, relish, some kind of sauce, and maybe parsley and jalapeños? The only nitpick I have with it is that my bread broke in the middle so it was a bit messy, but good nonetheless. 

The fries were lightly crisp and nice, but were unseasoned, which is ok for me since they provide a station of the side for you to add your condiments and seasonings. 

The lady who took my order was nice, told me how although flow rider truck is new they have been in the mobile truck business for a few years.

Overall I like flow rider truck and hope to visit them more often in the future.
I tried their food for the first time last Sunday at the Clark County Library for the Comic Book fair.  There were 2 other trucks there, at the first the food just sounded odd so skip that, the 2nd truck I have eaten at a few times already, so we skipped straight to Flowrider as I have been wanting to check it out.  I didn't have much money to spend so the $6 deals were my best option although I wasn't sure it would be enough food.  Both me and my partner got the mini philly combo with just meat, cheese, onions and bread. It came with fries and a 12 oz can of soda.  We found a place to sit down and started grubbing.  The sandwich was so hot and gooey, the cheese sauce complimented the meat so well and it was hard to believe the roll could hold it all together.  The meat was well seasoned and tender, there was the perfect amount of cheese and grilled onion on it.  I was shocked, this was the best philly I have had here and I eat them everywhere.  It was so good I went to Capriottis the next day to get a philly cause Flowrider's made me crave them but the 9" sandwich I got from Capriottis didn't even compare to the 4" sandwich I got from flowrider.  That little 4 inches was so filling and delicious I could eat one every day if my arteries could take it.  The fries were kind of plain and I didn't see any type of sauce or seasoning available for them so about half of them got thrown away but it was okay, I was stuffed and got my moneys worth.  A big plus is that they sell Coke from Mexico which has less carbonation than the American version, the drawback -they charge $2.50 for one. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu now.
On my way to the swap meet noticed this white trailer on the side of the road , so stopped to try. It was not sexy looking so didn't have high expectations form the start. Walked up to take a look at the menu (which was all in Spanish)to see what they had to offer. 
(what always worries me about these food trucks is that have such large menus and such small space, makes me wonder where there food is REALLY stored at night, ya know!)
non the less I was prepared to try it anyways. The tacos were only $1 so we got pastor, cabeza , lengua an asada burrito and 2 drinks. Our total came to $10.00 not to bad! After placing our order I noticed that there were a bunch of half chickens stilling on the grill , kind wish i ordered that instead of the burrito.
Ate the tacos first, the meat was tender and it came with onion and cilantro on it, didn't need much more as it was gone in 3 bites as any street taco would be(good thing they are only a $1) 
The burrito had pinto beans and rice,very mushy, reminded me of pork and beans out of a can, large in size as it came with a good amt of meat, however dry, so needless to say that it had to be eaten with the red sauce that came with. Over all it was a very clean new looking trailer, the food was what could be expected from a Mexican food truck! If i pass by I will stop again however I wouldn't go out of my way as it wasn't in the best part of town. All in all it was a fun place to discover ..... I was def impressed with the cleanliness!
So after Herbs and Rye some of the Yelperazzi wanted to cap it off with tacos. There's so much of them here we could have done a taco crawl, but Elizar noticed a little taco hutch parked by the McDonalds that had a line going steady. Me, Elnino F, Andy T. and Elizar get tacos.

Definitely the crowd isn't the food truck culture crowd, it was straight up all Mexican. Good to me to see a crowd of people eating food from their culture. 

The tacos were $1 so I got 2 lengua/tongue and 1 pastor/marinated pork and I got a $1 canned soda (crush or coke). Not bad for $1 tacos! My lengua was soft and flavorful. The pastor was good, but I tend to like when it goes more the savory route and this had a slightly sweeter marinate to it. 

I would say it's not for the people who are germ freaks because the salsas are just sitting outside in containers. I say, I have eaten at 3rd world countries some pretty scary stuff and I'm still alive so I really don't get weirded out by little grubby taco stands.

Not quite sure if it's always there, but I think it is. They're open all day 12-12.
Don't be SCURRED to eat at a taco truck!!

Stopped here the other night with some of the Yelp-izzles after Herbs & Rye. It was Jade W, Elnino F, Eleazar A, and I. We couldn't decide on where to go so Eleazar suggested El Pollo Mobile.

None of of has been here before, but we were all happy with Eleazar's pick!

I got 1 pollo taco and 1 carne asada taco. They were only $1 each. There is a bowl of guacamole by the veggies and I put a scoop on each of my tacos. I also ate some of the carrots after I had finished my tacos.

I did not get sick, so the food was definitely clean. I will mos def come back to try some of the other tacos!!
Yes Five Star, 
I was very impressed with the food and price point. I mean, I am not into all that flash and fruo fruo looks. I look at the food. The quality of the meat was on par! They also provided pickled carrots and radishes and good salsa. This place can really compete with other taco trucks and beat'em hands down, I tell you. 

This is how good they are, there were these ghetto fabulous Mexicans from Cali with their gold chains and rings talking good ole' Mexican Spanish and ordering 30 tacos de carne asada to go! I mean you gotta love that! 

Oh and by the way, its near the Excellent Bar- Herb & Rye, so this makes for a great pit stop before or after you hit the bar. 
Til Next Time
If this is the place I think it is, its great!
We left Vegas on our way to the Valley of Fire, with our "tour guide" my brother who has lived in Vegas for 3o years when he asks if we want tacos.  The truck is  on the right (coming from Vegas) next to  the landfill. Just before the landfill on the right if your lucky and its daytime you will see a vehicle that makes the most amazing tacos. I didn't try the burritos but the chicken tacos are great. they are small so order a few., The bulk of their business are truck drivers who like the food so much they call ahead!! 
so if you see a truck parked there with a picnic table outside, you are in luck. Get the chicken ones, you wont' be disappointed!!
Recommended. The best mexican food to go. Always get the steak quesadilla for $6. Big portion food for reasonable pricing.
$1 TACOS!!!! Who can beat that?! Not even Tacos Mexico across the street, not only are the tacos cheap but they are deliciosos!!! Also, they are the only ones, pretty much, that serve tacos de pollo  (my favorite). The salsas are uncovered, but who cares they're good!!! The staff is always friendly and funny to talk to. Make sure to bring your piggy banks, cash only.
This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. At the intersection of Rainbow and Smoke Ranch
All I can say is "well done - bravo!" The chicken is grilled over chunk mesquite, and
These guys know what they're doing. The chicken is tasty and moist, the tortillas excellent, rice and beans,flavorful. An excellent choice if you're looking for a place
To swing by and grab some good food for dinner. I like these guys, they work hard
So you don't have to. Oh, they grill ribs too, but i've always been too late to get those. I'm calling it in the next time. 4 stars.
I'm giving this place a solid 4 stars.
Grilled chicken, and ribs, over mesquite. Tasty, moist, and unique. I say
Unique because food cooked outside over charcoal IS distinct. A great
bargain too. A whole cut up chicken/w beans and rice for $12. A full rack
O ' ribs for $20. The ribs go fast - so be quick.
This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. Across the street from U -Haul, on Rainbow &
Smoke Ranch. Just to be clear.
An average food truck. Tacos are tasty, but nothing to write home about. This is good location to visit if you are in the neighborhood but please do not make a special trip to come here. Lastly, I should point out the cleanliness of the place is a bit of a turnoff...at least for me (the guy making my tacos took cash with his bare hands and did not wash them before taking care of the next customer.
FYI... Health department just gave them a poor rating on sanitation standards.
I can't even drive past this cart without stopping! I used to live right around the corner from it and got hooked right away! I don't live that close to it anymore but I will take the drive from anywhere in town to get to it! LOL I'm not going to say its just soooo different then other carts but they are for sure really good! I like all of the men that usually run the cart and like a past review said, ALL YOU NEED IS $5 TO GET FULL! lol. All in all, THEY ARE MY FAVORITE!!!!!!
As I was leaving the Ho'olaule'a Festival on Saturday I noticed a food truck parked on a road side. I decided to check it out....The first thing I noticed was the Island Sushi sticker on the truck and I instantly knew I had to buy something even though I was full already!!! The two guys working at the truck were very nice and informative about the food they have to offer. 
I wanted to know if the Teriyaki chicken was chicken breast (I only eat chicken breast) I was sad to hear that it was chicken thighs but was assured that all the fat was trimmed off and still low in fat. However, they do offer chicken breast with a dressing. The guy was nice enough to give me a sample and yes the sauce was flavorful and the chicken was moist not dry.
I decided to sample the :
Ola Wrap- Flat wheat bread with cold chicken breast and Honolulu Slaw.
First off I never ever liked wheat bread so I don't know why I got this but I did and I tried a little piece of the bread- I didn't care for this. I will get white rice the next time.....
The chicken breast was moist and the Honolulu Slaw was good- it was like a tangy cole slaw.
Here's the thing- No, I wouldn't order what I ordered already but I do think that other people would really enjoy this option. Yes, I will continue to try other items on the menu , most likely items that I know I would enjoy. I did suggest that they offer healthier dessert options like Hawaiian cupcakes  made with egg whites. I appreciate that Island Breeze gives us another healthy alternative to eating as well as another food truck option and I hope everyone gives them a try!!!!
I have never been to the islands that is 2387 miles or so away from San Fransisco, but I do on a regular basis devour my Hawaiian options available in Las Vegas. Island Breeze is one of the newer food trucks that have been on my hit list for a while now, but I never had the chance since to give them a try since they are quite a distance from me... until today in which they were in the area where I was to do errands. 

At island breeze I ordered a regular kalua pig with brown rice and a toss salad. Also had a mini bento box of the teriyaki chicken. It seems that the regular size items are definitely deal as there is a healthy portion without a huge stack of calories added. The kalua pig that I normally eat is different compared to Island Breeze's. I am more used to a more fatty and salty version, but as a healthier alternative the Island Breeze version is a go. The teriyaki chicken from Island Breeze also seemed to be a healthier choice as the sauce was not as overwhelming as some places are, although my chicken was a little hard to chew, but perhaps it was an off day.

Other items available were wraps, breakfast, fried noodles, malasada, and they also had packaged snacks such as dried mangoes. 

The service was quick and no complains. They take cash and card so no need to stop by the ATM to get some "kala" to feed your appetite.
Where's the Yelp love, people?! I'm kind of shocked that this place has so few reviews! I thought Vegas is supposed to be the 9th island & that Yelpers loved food trucks and would quest forth in search of deliciousness? 

I have followed these guys on twitter & facebook since they first opened, excitedly waiting for my chance to give them a fair try. I've eaten at the sushi restaurant they're associated with and we had an edible, although not especially memorable meal.

Today, I finally tracked them down. It took a phone call after several laps around the wrong parking lot, but they were extremely friendly and helpful on the phone and I was able to head right over. Within 10 minutes and $17.50 later, I was driving home with;    

Big bento box: Huge portion! I got kahlua pork & teri chicken for the boy. It comes with big portions of the meat plus a piece of fried spam, lots of rice, pickled radish, fried noodles and salt. Since J ate most of it, I have to take his word for it. He said it was mostly just mediocre. He pretty much ate all the meat but didn't have many of the noodles, which seemed to be simply noodles, fried, with maybe some soy sauce for flavor. The piece of chicken meat I sampled had a clean, sweet & soy flavor but was a little overcooked (chewy) and I felt the overall flavor of the kahlua pork was a little underwelming. I detected a bit of vinegar? It was pretty moist, though. $7.50

Mini Kahlua bento box: A lot of food for a lady. :) I'm taking mine to work later for an easy, cheap lunch. I'll be taking a couple of packets of soy sauce, though, for added oomph. About half the size of the other container with all the same ingredients, it should be the perfect size for a filling lunch later in the day. $5

Ahi tuna Island wrap: A small whole/multi-grain pita bread filled with lots of shredded, crisp veggies and a few pieces of ahi tuna. It had a light sesame flavored dressing that complimented the veggies without overpowering them- very light and healthy, though the chewiness of the flatbread is distracting. I think a thinner flatbread would have worked much better. $3

Musubi: A thin slice of grilled spam- the same as what's used in the bentos- atop a huge block of plain white sticky rice with furikake sprinkled between the two and a band of nori wrapped around it's middle. There may have been a bit of a ponzu/soy sauce, but it didn't stand out much at all. It was just OK. I like the ones at Maui Rose better, though, for a better spam-rice ratio. $2

Overall, the food does seem healthier than the saucy, syrupy things you're often presented with in  a lot of restaurants, so for that and the friendly, enthusiastic customer service I give them an additional star. I'm a big fan of restaurants offering real, vegetable-laden, healthy food. The most vegetable drenched offering we had with our lunch, though, was my tuna wrap. The meats were cleaner in flavor and the kahlua pork tasted a lot lighter than most pork dishes I've tried. Not a bad pulled pork offering but nothing to freak out about, either.

I think with adequate feedback these guys could be great. They seem open enough that they'd be willing to listen to criticism. Give them a try & write an honest review, guys!  They won't bite! If you don't like pork they offer teri chicken & beef, as well as ahi poke for their wraps.
This place is awesome, its too bad not too many people know of  this place. Because they are affiliated with Island Sushi and Grill you get the same, if not better quality as them. Their healthy Ola Wraps are delicious, I usually get the ahi poke wrap with Honolulu slaw, their kalua pork wrap is also a winner. As for sides their corn and black bean salad is an awesome substitute to toss or mac salad.  Their bentos are fairly priced and you get a good deal because their portions are huge. They are just as good as I get them when have them back home in Hawaii.

Aside from the food, the service is great there, the two guys that run the truck are very nice, they can help you out to pick a great meal if you are not sure what to order.

I almost forgot! their Malasadas were really good, I would say not as good as Leonards(Hawaii) but its one of  the best you can get here in Vegas if you get it fresh.
I'm a southern california food truck eater and stumbled on Island Breeze while visiting Vegas. I hope the food truck rage catches on in Vegas because this truck offers comfort Island food at affordable prices.

The ahi poke is delicious and the serving was not skimpy for the price. Same applies to the musubi, which was nice and filling. Todays special was the saimen, and for $ 3 it hit the spot on this cold, rainy day. I'm looking forward to try the plates next time.
I went to the business Costco & noticed the Island Breeze truck parked in the front. After reading the invasion of the food truck article on the las Vegas weekly, I was really excited to try their food. I really enjoyed their teriyaki chicken wrap. Very flavorful! It was soooo delicious! The guys were very friendly & the truck looked pretty clean. I like its Hawaiian style. I can't wait to come back again for more tasty food.
I made a quick stop at Costco (MLK & 95) this afternoon and saw the truck in the far end of the parking lot. I drove over and saw the staffer starting to close up shop. I asked if I could still place an order, and to my surprise, he was super friendly and said "Absolutely! Order whatever you'd like!" 

I was picking up lunch for a coworker too, so I decided on Asian Chicken Salad Wraps with side orders of the black bean and corn salsa. It was artfully prepared and the portion size was just right. I was expecting the wrap to be half the size for only $3! 

Everything was fresh and so tasty! The first thing I did when I got back to the office was find them online. I bookmarked their weekly schedule and am now following them on Twitter. 

I am so glad I stopped over and am looking forward to going back next week.
Ordered their Saimin and Malasadas after Haleamano's performance at Mango's. Saimin tasted good, just like home, but the malasadas were sadly pre-done and were cold:( tasted okay, but nothing like Leonard's....ALOHA!!!
This is probably the BEST food truck that is going around in Las Vegas right now. Currently, this truck can be found on UNLV campus on Tuesdays and Wednesdays parked in front of the CBC-A building...this is where I always order food from them.

So far, there hasn't been a single thing that I have tried that I didn't enjoy.

I had the small bento box today and it was WICKED good. For $5, I got teriyaki chicken, white rice, fried noodles, and a slice of fried spam. Pretty good portion size too! 

I usually get the small Poki ($2.50) with a scoop of rice ($1), and that is even enough to fill you up if you're looking for a light lunch.

On the dessert side, the Malasadas are delicious.

The best part is that the guys who work the truck are SUPER nice as well. One day I had come up to the truck and they were out of small bento boxes, and bumped it up to a large free of charge. Talk about service!

Check these guys out soon! Some of the best Hawaiian in town!
Sorry, not impressed. Went here during the First Friday art walk. Shared a bento box with the fiance. He said spam tasted old, I thought chicken tasted old as well. Noodles was nothing special. We did not finish half of the bento box. No thanks, I will go to have Hawaiian food at Island Flavor instead.
I finally had a chance to try this at Vegas Streats festival. 

Even though it was busy and there was many trucks backed up into ridiculously long and non moving lines, Island Breeze did breeze through their line. In 5-10 minutes I ordered and after just 3 numbers called I got my order. 

Ahi Poke Asian Salad Wrap ($3)- the fish went really well with the sesame vinegrette, crunchy wontons and crunchy greens. Fresh, light and tasty. 

Kalua Pork Kimchee Wrap ($3) - kimchee was strong tasting so I didn't really taste the pork as much, but it was good homemade kimchee.

They're kinda like tacos, but the "wrap" has a whole wheat pita consistency than a tortilla. I think it works well, but I think it would be nice to have it a bit more heated for a better consistency. 

Overall, very good. Even though I didn't get to eat any other trucks because of the unorganized, chaotic lines, it was worth going to the festival to try this out. 

It's rarely near where I am but hopefully I can find this truck sooner than later to try more healthy Hawaiian.
Had this for lunch today. I was at 702 Raceway (Remote Control Cars/Trucks Race Track) and the announcer says in the loud speaker that the island truck was outside taking orders.. Hhhmmm never heard of that before, so of course I had to come see for myself or eat for myself!!

I got hungry after reading the "Breakfast Menu" - "We use egg substitute which has Lower Cholesterol"

Big Hawaiian: 2 Portuguese sausage, Spam, Kalua Pork, Fried Noodles (all that was left) and Scrambled Eggs. The sausage was better than most I've had and spam was good as any other. However the Kalua Pork was the Best I've had! Now, I've only had Kalua pork a few other times and they always tasted the same. Here it had a very mild smoked flavor, tender and not salty (a small cup filled with sea/rock salt is served on the side - addas you please, just how i like it!) Scrambled Eggs tasted no different than typical scrambled eggs (and healthier!), I think these were those Egg Beater types as mentioned previously. Last, the noodles were Great!!

I also got my favorite "Hawaiian Sun" beverage = Guava! *Slurp*!

Great Food, Service and Prices! I love island food and this truck is no exception!
The first time I tried Island Breeze, it was a quick snack between work and class and there the truck was - parked by UNLV's Lied Library.  I thought they were on campus Tuesdays and Wednesdays - got the santa fe wrap (whole wheat wrap with ahi poke and corn/black bean salsa) and it was a good little snack.

Yesterday I was starving after working 7 hours and before 6 hours of class, I noticed the truck on a Monday no less in its spot.  I was a bit stumped because the truck was out of ahi poke, brown rice, chicken teriyaki....so it was hard to make a decision.  I ended up getting a "mini" plate lunch with beef teriyaki, white rice (I asked for furikake) and the corn black bean salsa.  It was huge for a mini, and very filling.  The meat was tasty but tough, the rest was fine.  The guy taking orders was so patient with me, and I certainly appreciate that.  It was enough so I could sacrifice eating dinner and go to Yelp Drinks instead after class without food in my belly.
05/07/11 DUNCH. 

That ahi & kim chee taco was BRILLIANT. Was that ahi RAW? Man, it was SO beautiful.
First timer. Saw it here on yelp and had to try it cause it was gonna be at UNLV tuesday and wednesday.  Got the kalua pork wrap w/ island slaw for $3. When I first got my container I was like "what is this cute little thing?". First bite "ohh man this is good." it was the combination of slaw, kalua, pieces of crispy wonton, and some sauce that made it the BOMB. You gotta try this place. i'll be back for the kalua pork plate $8 w/ island slaw $2 and see if they can hook me up with the wonton pieces and sauce. my mouth is watering right now and they're already gone.  tomorrow's lunch definitely. 

I'd pay at least $3 bucks for this tasty wrap don't let the size fool you. I've seen burger/taco places offer less food  for $5.
As you all know, I'm a lover of Spam Musubi and Malasadas (Portuguese donuts). I tend to get cravings for these treats at First Friday for some reason. 

This food truck is a lifesaver. They even offer a box for 6 of those yummy malasadas. 

Being a lover of Hawaiian food however, I feel bad for not really ordering anything else from this place. Hey, I want something small and fast to eat as I walk all around The Arts District. 

Stay tuned. I'll write a more in depth review when I finally get an actual platter and not just an appetizer and dessert.
Being from Hawai'i I always like to support Hawaiian influenced businesses. 

I tried this truck once at the first downtown Streats event. Just cuz they had the shortest line. Service was ok. 

Food: was okay. I got the taco, and for $3 bucks it seems a bit steep for the size and taste of it. It's not something I would crave or track down the truck for.

I got a bag of malasadas too. They were pretty good, not bad. Warm and soft. which I liked!!! Cuz if I don't make'em at home I usually get them from the hula halaus that sell at Ho'olaule'a or other Hawaiian event.... theirs is usually cold. 

Mmmmmmmm... I want some malasadas now!
Good food. The potato salad is different than most places and very good. Try it even if you don't like potato salad.
Soooooooo good. My office picked up a load of 15 bunz and each of the sides and split it all so we could try everything. The order was $40 split among 5-6 people and we were all stuffed afterwards. The favorites were the ribs, the pork, and the chicken. The mac n cheese was probably the weakest - but honestly it was all good. The meat tasted so good with the sweet bread! All of the sides were awesome too. Follow them on Twitter and check them out when they're nearby!
This thought was running through my mind as I ate these buns, "Why haven't I had dim sum that offered buns as tasty as this?"  Sure, you could argue that you're not going to find spaghetti filled buns while eating dim sum, but that's beside the point!  Here's a breakdown of the menu: (pictured here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=MZ000fT2g5Ww9Tw8OkCtYg)

Bacon Bird - cheese dough w/ creamy chicken & bacon filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=UB2iCvcS_b-gaEbgQ1K1Gw)  Probably my second favorite.  I'd probably like it with more cream sauce and bacon, but that's the glutton in me talking.

McCheesy - mushroom dough w/ truffle mac-n-cheese filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=TJH2HWSRDAAnawTsC3QSJQ) Dominant truffle flavor, not as cheesy as I would have hoped, but still tasty with that mushroom bun.

Sloppy Bun - thyme dough w/ spaghetti filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=ZcKOhk0T89Of2_HxyR2JXg)  This was my favorite!  Maria L. was spot on with her comparison to scooping up the last bit of spaghetti with your bread.

BBQ Rib - cilantro dough w/ Mom's BBQ beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=M21vsLD4RpfI6WtqpzNLCw)  I was surprised at how moist the beef was inside the bun.

The Dilly - green onion dough w/ Pop's ground beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=IEV7U49flzyc4QKdInZnpA)  Not my preference, it was okay.

Hot Pig -  jalapeno dough w/ spicy pork filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=bXvr9e0_TQ83RI3nZwDdsg)  I didn't really get any spice.

The Sloppy Bun, Bacon Bird and McCheesy were my favorites; you could eat these blindfolded and know what they were easily.  The other three didn't seem to have a distinctive flavor profile; yes, I knew that the main meat was (shredded beef/ground beef/pork) but it didn't excite the taste buds.  On my next trip I'll have to try the truffle tator tots and some dessert!

My one suggestion for eating at TastyBunz is this: don't come here on an empty stomach.  I ordered six buns for $11, and ended up eating them all!  In the end I was satisfied, and not overly full.  TastyBunz seems like the perfect spot to hit up with a couple of friends when you want a snack.  Split the cost, get the tots, try some desserts; I think it's more economical than spending $11 on one meal!

I'll be sure to try the sides and desserts on my next visit!
Amazing food, courteous staff, and an all around excellent experience. Follow them around the city and never cook again!!!!
bacon dog is CRACKIN!!!

me frys and me tots killer breakfast!!!
I was really excited about this food truck.  The concept is definitely unique and who wouldn't like a bun stuffed with mac and cheese.  The staff is really nice and I really like the sides.  The truffle tater tots are to die for and the Frisco garlic fries are also great.  But the buns are pretty bland.

I came to the grand opening at Costco and I've tried to visit every time they are at Costco so I could try all the buns.  I've tried everything except the sloppy bun, a bun stuffed with spaghetti, which I am eager to try but they've been out.

The pork special (now called Hot Pig?) is ok but not spicy.  

Dad's picadilly is interesting, but not very tasty.  Like taco meat with some vegetables in it.  There is dill in the bun, but I couldn't really taste it.

Mac and cheese bun (now McCheesy, I think) is mac and cheese in a bun.  There is supposed to be mushrooms and/or truffle in the bun but I could not taste either.  But the second time I tried it, I got more truffle flavor in the mac and cheese. But I think I built this one up too much in my head and it just disappointed me in the end.

BBQ rib bun was ok.  There is cilantro in the bun, but I can't really taste it.

The bacon bird bun is probably my favorite so far.  Nice bacon flavor and very creamy.  But again, not getting much flavor from the bun.

I also tried the Me fries but they are a little overwhelming with the egg.  I could not finish it all.  I'll probably stick with the Frisco fries.

The dessert potstickers are super sweet.  So sweet they hurt my teeth somehow.  Unfortunately I just can't deal with the sweetness, but I've only tried the smores potstickers, which are fried pastry potstickers stuffed with chocolate and covered with condensed milk and graham crackers. Maybe others are less sweet.  You can try all three if you order the happy ending.  Cute.

This is the only food truck I've encountered anywhere that does not include tax in the price.  So bring change or expect to get a lot back.  3 buns are $6 without tax but $6.49 with tax, if that helps.

That being said, it's a new truck and has a lot of potential.  It looks like they are changing up the menu and making new items.  So I'll likely be back for the sloppy bun and other menu items. If something strikes my fancy, I'll definitely re-review.
Staffed with super-friendly people who obviously love their work, TastyBunz has arguably the most idiosyncratic offerings in the local food truck market: bite-sized buns filled with a variety of fillings, ranging from spiced pork to mac-n-cheese with truffles. I've had everything on their menu, and I've enjoyed it all, especially their Tocino slider and their lumpia.
So my initial reaction when I heard about TastyBunz was "LITTLE BUNS STUFFED WITH SOMETHING OTHER THAN CHINESE BBQ PORK? I'M DOWN". A bun stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles? Who wouldn't be down for that. TastyBunz has a cool concept and I can appreciate the work that goes into making each of the unique buns, but it falls a bit short for me. 

I guess what first falls is that tax is separate from their prices so.. 1 bun for $3 to $3.24, 3 buns for $6 to $6.49, and 6 buns for $11 to $11.89. A litle bit pricey, but what can you do? They don't accept card so you will have some change. The buns are pretty bite size and the ratio of dough to meat is somewhat leaning on the dough side, but maybe thats the only way to cook it?

 The McCheesy is stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles, but it didn't seem to have a dominant truffle flavor. 

The bbq rib bun was interesting, cilantro mixed into the dough and the rib was still moist, rib was tasty, but couldn't taste the cilantro.

The bacon bird is probably my favorite of the ones I've tried, reminded of a chicken bake from Costco because it had a nice creamy chicken and bacon filling.

I haven't had the sloppy bun (spaghetti filled) yet because they've always been out.. arghhhh. 

The bacon dog (~$4 something) was pretty delish, it is split fried, and has a heavy garlic aioli sauce.

The packaging is pretty cool and a custom sticker to seal it is a nice touch. I'll probably visit again to get the sloppy bun and try some of their desserts. 

Side note: if you're a big eater like me then come hungry, but not starving lol.
Tried this at the big food truck meetup by costco today. It looked interesting, and I love truffley things, so it was my truck choice. I got the jalapeno pork bun with truffle tots. The bun, in my opinion, was way too small for the price. $3 for about 3 bites. The pork filling was tasty, but not spicy. Dough was pleasant, just not worth the price. The tots were tasty, but kind of greasy and not truffley at all. The "fancy truffle sauce" was like thousand island. Eeh.
Nice people, and the food has potential, but I was a little disappointed.
I love the concept of this truck -- delicious buns filled with a variety of savory options. The folks running the truck are great also. But the execution needs some work, in my opinion. My main gripe is that there was too much dough and not enough filling. Talk about carb loading...

My two favorite buns were the "BBQ rib" (cilantro infused dough with BBQ beef) and the "bacon bird" (cheese infused dough with a creamy bacon chicken filling). The "hot pig" (jalapeño infused dough with Asian pork) was decent and had a bit of a kick to it and the "McCheezy" (mushroom dough with mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese) was a little bland for my taste.

Without a doubt, all the dough was top notch. The outsides were a little crispy and the interior of the buns were all chewy and warm. But again, I just wanted more meat.

The one dessert I tried was the "Sticky Nanas" (banana chocolate filled potstickers). If you have a sweet tooth, this is one dessert you need to try! It's incredibly sweet, rich and delicious and the smell of these bad boys is intoxicating. But, you'll want to brush your teeth afterwards because there is a ton of sugar in each bite.

If you're looking for a quick bite, this is a great food truck to hit up. These buns aren't cooked to order, afterall. So you can order and be on your way in a couple minutes. It's great if you have to eat and run. At $12.97 (for 4 buns and one dessert) it was a pricey lunch that still left me a little hungry.

3.5 Stars
Hmmm I am thinking everyone who wrote the reviews are these people's friends? I don't understand. We tried it only because it was next to our favorite Snow Ono and we are always down for trying new food trucks. This truck needs a lot of work. I find the truck owners for Snow Ono, Fukuburger, and others very friendly. The person working here was not friendly at all.  We got 3 bunz. If the truck is called Tasty Bunz it better be really good! "BBQ rib" (cilantro infused dough with BBQ beef) was DRY and tasted old, not even worth the calories.  "bacon bird" (cheese infused dough with a creamy bacon chicken filling) had very little taste and was not creamy. The fiance said he could not even spot one piece of bacon. The "McCheezy" (mushroom dough with mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese)-hard to believe there is any truffle oil in there and I guess I expected top notch mac n cheese, instead I got flavorless mac n cheese, barely edible. I will not waste my $ here again.
Their BUNZ are surely TASTY!   I usually need my TastyBunz fix at least ONCE A WEEK.  Yes, you heard right... once a damm week!   'Cuz if you're not on these BUNZ, you're definitely missin out!!

My favorite items:
- Bacon Bird Bun
- RIB Bun
- Truffle Tater Tots
- ME TOTS (on a secret menu item. You'd have to look directly up when you're at the register and you'll see a pic of it!!!!): comes with bacon, a special sauce, a fried egg, and garnishes.  I'm hungry just typing this out!!!!
- Sweet OOHhhhs: deep fried tempura oreos. OMG... who would've known! So yummy, so sweet, so soft, and SO orgasmic!  

I LOVE how all the food on the truck is mostly made from scratch.  It really shows the amount of the love and dedication they they put into providing really good food.

Friendly service.  Nice personal touch on their boxes with their stickers.  I heard they also cater!! NICE!
Tasty Bunz... are YUMMY Bunz.... gotta go grab me some Bunz tonight!  :)

Finally got to try this truck at the strEATS festival the other night... 
What a great concept... the truck and the festival.  :)
How convenient that you can get bread and meat... at the same time and it's not your typical sandwich.  

The buns are on the small side... probably about 3 bites eat unless you have a big mouth and take big bites.  

Ordered:
* Lumpia - not the kind that my family usually makes with meat and veggies... this was all seasoned meat in a lumpia wrapper... and Boy, Oh Boy was it savory, juicy and tasty!  Didn't need the dipping sauce at all.

* Hot Pig - pulled pork with jalapenos... I was expecting it to be 'hotter' but it wasn't... still... it was savory and I'd like to get me some more

* MacCheesy - truffle mac and cheese inside a bun... sign me up!  The truffle flavor was slight which was good (I think) because truffle can be strong and overpowering... in this case... you could taste the mac n cheese and savor every bite and taste the flavors without one flavor dominating the other

* BBQ Rib - a little dry so I dipped it in the lumpia swee/sour sauce... I'd still get it again

The buns are soft and yummy.... again... I just love the concept.

Next time I'll have to get the tots... which I hear are killer... and the desserts which looked fabulous.
The Manny Pacquaio is the bomb!
First (and possibly last) time I tried Tastybunz was at the first Food Truck Fest....We got 3 bunz-Bacon Bird, Mac N Cheese, and don't remember the other one...Also got their Tocino Slider, and the saving grace was the fried egg on top....Like everyone says, Too much bunz, not enough tasty.

Overall, not a good first visit...its gonna take alot to get me to pay another visit(I still haven't given Hanshiktaco another visit either)...They'll probably be at the next Food Truck Fest, but I think I'll give other vendors a shot...ALOHA!!!
I finally went to a Food Truck Fest. I didn't know which food truck to order from so I did order from here and Hanshiktaco.

Must try the Manny Pacquaio tacos they are deliciously good. As for the garlic fries, they were loaded with flavor but you better make sure to bring some gum cause your breath is gonna be kickin. I didn't have room to try anymore of their food but I will definitely try them out again. 

The staff was really friendly and helpful because I didn't know what to order and the guy (sorry I don't know his name) explained the menu to me.
We tried out TastyBunz at a recent food truck fest. We got the McCheesy (mushroom dough filled with truffle mac and cheese), Hot Pig (jalapeno dough filled with spicy pork), and a Bacon Bird (cheese dough filled with creamy chicken and bacon).

They were all good. It's kind of an interesting concept: small buns stuffed with gourmetish fillings.
Food Truck Fest II at MLK Costco!
I headed down to the festival early to avoid the crowds and got my 3 tasty buns:  mac n cheese, pork, and the bbq rib.  My favorites are the mac n cheese and the bbq rib, with tater tots on the side.  This is my second time at the truck and I really dig how they're similar to Filipino siopao with a twist.  They had someone taking orders outside of the truck which was helpful: instead of having someone in the truck yelling down at you, you could speak face-to-face and get info about the menu and offerings.  Three buns plus more than enough tater tots was enough to fill me up.
The people are friendly and the food is good--that's all I have to say about that--Pinoy Power!
05/07/11 DUNCH. 

Chicen & bacon, mac & cheese &  truffle, beef curry, and those FRIES WITH GARLIC SAUCE! All fantastic.
I was a bit skeptical with the lukewarm reviews from my buddies and rave ones from others, but trying is always the best way to find out who's right. 

The BF and I tried 3 buns. It took us a while since the menu was written down but not quite in a organized manner so you have to focus in on what's what. 

Truffle Mac&Cheese- these had a good truffle flavor to it. I was apprehensive about macaroni, but it went with the chewy texture. It was a nice surprise and pretty tasty.

Hot Pig- this was okay, but I was expecting hot pig/jalapeno would have a bit of kick. 

Beef curry- This was a good idea, however I was feeling like the curry was very "raw" tasting. When you cook curry and don't blend and cook well, it kinda is a bit sharp. I wouldn't get this one again.

I like the texture of the sticky bread and would get the truffle mac&cheese again. I think it's rather small for the price, but it's not like you can get these type of buns in Chinatown or anywhere else. I'm open to trying more of this truck, but I don't think it's one I would chase around town. It's a frequent food truck fest goer and I will try some more. For the hit and miss though, I think a A-OK rating is fair.
two tries and the same result - golf ball sized buns costing about $2 / each, too much dough and sweetness, not enough filling.

Mac & Cheese - little cheese/little flavor

Hot Pig - there was nothing hot about it - no spice, no temperature heat, and sadly, no flavor.

pulled - pork - can't remember the name but it was a pulled pork filling that was ok but again - the dough was too much for me.

I like the concept, the service is good, but it's all about the flava and sadly, there's not enough for me to return !
I have been wanting to try this food truck ever since I saw them at Vegas STReats  and the line was too long. I had the 3 buns for $6 and I chose the Beef Curry, BBQ Rib, and hot pig. The hot pig was my favorite by far with a little jalapeno kick. The beef curry was not spicy enough and the bbq rib was too doughy and not cooked enough. The buns are a little small but I am eager to try again. The Lumpia was really good though and perfectly greasy and crunchy.
I'm just going to dive right in with this one. I really adored the Cafe Mocha cake ball. The lemon was pretty good as well. I'm quite enthusiastic about bite sized cakes/pastries/cookies so these were right up my alley. The s'more's potstickers were good, but then again, who wouldn't like deep fried chocolate goodness?

My coworker shared her truffle tots with me and they were quite delish. Not quite what I would order but I'm not a truffle fanatic. They were the deluxe order so it was topped with bacon and a fried egg. She really enjoyed them but commented, "The sauce was a bit over powering." I was all about the garlic fries. I think the creamy sauce and the slivers of garlic are what did it for me. 

Now I bet you are thinking, "What about buns, when are you going to get to the buns, isn't that what their name sake is?" The buns, hmm ... I frankly have to say "I think they need work." I showed up thinking I was going to score some soft fluffy Filipino siopao the size of softballs cut in half like my mom makes. Image my surprise when I lift this small palm sized muffin top out of the box. And even though it was savory (the Bacon Bird) it was coated with a sweet sticky glaze ?? The dough, not bad a little heavy, the filling flavorful but dry instead of creamy. I also think that they needed to be a little more golden brown on the top. These were as pale as Louis in Interview with the Vampire.

So in all, not a bad jaunt to try something new. At the very least, if I see them around town, I will pop over for some fries and cake balls. If I could, I would give 3.5 stars just for the fact that they had Coke made with Cane Sugar in the Glass Bottles!
I wish they would come closer to the southwest at least once a week.  I really like this food truck.  The people are friendly and service has been great as well.

We've had their Manny Pacquiao tacos 4/5, stuffed hotdog 3/5, mac n cheese bun 3/5, tator tots truffle deluxe 5/5.

Omg!  Those tator tots are frigging the bidniz the bidnaz.  Genius!  

Like I said, I wish they traveled closer to my area.  Having to haul my family to hunt down tasty bunz in the other side of Vegas is a pain in the ass.
This food truck will change your life!

I am a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of almost all their food! They have amazing tocino gyros, truffle tots, tocino sliders, deep fried oreos, crispy pata tacos, and braised short rib sliders. Oh, also... you need to try their pork sisig fries. 

Be very careful though, they change out foods... so to give people a taste of different foods they can offer. But don't fret if it isn't there one day.... they just like to rotate through their menu. 

You can go to their twitter or facebook... and they update their location everyday.
We were at a private event at the Anthem Country Club for a car show for Fathers Day. There were several trucks: Tasty Bunz, Grouchy Johns, Italian Ice & Cheesesteak, Sloppi Joes, Haulin Ballz, and Food Slingers. We have heard so many good things about Tasty Bunz. Here is what my bf and I ordered:
1. Me tots- These tots are smothered with a special sauce and a perfectly cooked egg on tot. EGGS WITH TOTS! R U KIDDING ME?! this is totally comfort food!
2. McCheezy, Bacon Bird, and Queso- Diaz Bunz- MMmmm the bun is sweet and each has a different flavor. Our favorite was the Queso- Diaz... it tastes like spicy nachos on steroids! Sooo good!
3. Sticky Nanas- comes with 3 potstickers and the filling is bananas and yummy sauce.... it tastes like a banana cheesecake... warm.. gooey... goodness! #superbombdotcom!!!!
4. Secret Slider with guac, real thick bacon, onion rings! YUM

Try it, you wont be disappointed. Tasty Bunz you guys put the FOOD in SOULFOOD/ COMFORTFOOD!!!

:)
TATOR TOTZ HEAVEN!@#!@#!.....i always loved tator totz as a child in elementary school but it seems like now days, the only place you can get them is at Sonic.  Well Sonic, GTFO because the Truffle Tots and TastyBunz Annihilates you!!!

Also, get the freakin garlic fries, they put this white creamy gushy good sauce on it that makes it all the better...STOP THINKING NASTY THOUGHTS U PERVVSS. but seriously garlic fries.

Cant say much about their bunz since I've never tried.  Yes kinda dumb I know since it is their signature item.

Anyways TOTZ and Fries what more can you ask for.
Love the tots! I get them every time i am near this truck! Can't wait to try them with the fried egg on top!
This truck does not lie. They have buns and they are tasty.

My beef is that they never have enough buns, hence the 4 stars. I've only been able to try a few of their buns. The Mac N Cheese, the burger one, and one that was the special for the day. 

Their tots... OMG, are to die for. GARLIC TRUFFLE TOTZ. I could eat these all day, e'ery day. SOOOOO epically awesome. Really, they're so good, I wanna dip my balls in them (if I had balls).

They guys are super, duper nice and answer all my annoying questions. They're not as fast as other trucks, but I think it's because buns need to be backed and not fried.

Definitely check these guys out. It's melt in your mouth delectable!
The really good: 

The flavors were as advertised, all the way, both for the breads and the stuffing. They smelled fantastic, the flavors all went very well together, and the food was fresh. Delivered fast and hot not long after I ordered (at a busy truck fest, no less!). Bonus!

**** (4.5 stars for flavor and service!)

The not so good:

The different stuffings were really good, but there wasn't enough of them. That could be minor, however...

I often caveat reviews with the reminder that I don't eat bread. I will, when it's appropriate or especially tasty, have a little. The bread buns were, excepting the flavors I mentioned already, disappointing. There was just too much of it. Add that two of the three I tried were more than just a little doughy... I had higher hopes and it really detracted from the rest.

** (2 stars for lack of filling and the texture.)

I can admit, I was torn on this one. Overall, a tasty bit to bite into... An A-OK, 3 star bite. 

I won't pretend to know the logistics of it all, but I will say that I hope to see it change a bit. Less dough, maybe a little crispy on the outside, soft inside, with some more of those great fillings?
I have a new love for Tots... as I walked over each Food Truck to see what they offered outside Tommy Rocker's.. I came across TastyBunz. It was hard as hail to read their marker writings for the menu selections on their see through windows, but I came across the word.. Tots and a photo of it on the truck. What got my undivided attention, which people with A.D.D indeed are less prone in having... a Truffle flavored Tots with fancy Truffle Sauce... Hmmm Veeery Interesting I told myself. Something else caught my eyes, but that's something left to my imagination. Ordered one and it was steaming hot.. all packed up in a sturdy white box and had the utensils inside all ready for chow down. I thought just that was appealing to see.

As I received my Truffle Tatter Tots, the aroma filled my nose with deep heavy scent of Truffles. It even made me salivate from inhaling this flavored Tots. The portion and size was beyond generous... amazing outer crust crunch. Crisp and light... the center was soft and steamy. I literally made the Oh face hot look. I like the fact that even when 20 mins. went by.. those Tots were still packed with steam. The flavor was sexy, fun, jammin'!!! Absolutely the best Truffle Tatter Tots to date. It was the perfect blend without the crazy salt or spice. I loved it!

The service was exceptional. He was ready to take my order right when I walked up. Very attentive and made sure that's all I wanted. If the service is warm and welcoming... it can bring Anybody back. Big winner with my new love for Tots. This is on my Hot List... for more reasons than one.
I wasn't expecting to review @TastyBunz again, but after a lunch with coworkers last week, it has to be done. 

I picked up three of the bunz and a bacon-stuffed hot dog to take back with me as my contribution to our little impromptu soiree.

I wish I could remember exactly what we had (I can't tell from my own photos; I usually snap the menu, just in case)... but one was a curried chicken, one was a pesto (?) chicken and the other was, I think, a pulled pork. (Shoot, was it the mac?)

The important part is that everything was executed PERFECTLY. Just the right amount of bun and stuffing. The flavors were amazing. The texture of the bunz today? Spot-freaking- on. A light crisp to the outside, tender and soft on the inside without being doughy (exactly what I said previously that I was hoping for), and the infused flavors (sun dried tomato!) were excellent. Two very happy thumbs up!

The bacon-stuffed hot dog, I have to say, was the winner for me. Maybe it's because I can't enjoy the bread like everyone else, or maybe it was the kicked up (really spicy in the best way!) garlic aioli. A fantastic bite back from that sauce, not for the weak, and totally worth being subbed in for my salad that afternoon.

Awesome way to prove your mettle, guys, as it was a fantastic meal (and you have new fans!).
Tasty Bunz is exactly what the name states... Tasty!! Food comes in sampler portions but you get a bang for your buck. The only thing I can say that upsets me is that Tasty Bunz only serves on the depressing UMC hospital parking lot. I mean who really wants to purchase food from a hospital parking lot? Besides that, they have great food from tacos, to sliders, and the amazing MAC & Cheese bites.
Tatsy BUNZ is one of the food trucks I Frequent most.

My favorite of the BUNZ was the pulled pork and the marinated BEEF one. They have the most flavor and best bun to filling ratio out of the lot.

The mac and cheese bun needs work on its filling content. Its a great idea..just needs the flavor dialed up a few notches.

The me tots....are just awesome IMO. Its just a mindblowing mix of flavors and a heaping for a serving.

The yhave dabbled into other areas including dessert and sadly I have not tried any of those other items but will update when I do,

Final impression is this is a great idea and some good food....just think there needs to be a little more concentration of the menu items and to make the the best possible instead of trying to carry so many different types of food items.
best. garlic fries. ever.
How I love Tasty Bunz! AMAZING! They are my favorite food truck in Vegas. 

The mix of the sweetness in the bread with the stuffing is simply the best. 

The bacon birdie is the best. It is a flavor explosion! The mac cheesy could use a little work. Slightly bland. The beef (forgot the name) is my other favorite. Kinda sweet, very tender and oh so good! 

They must be fresh. I got them once at StrEATs once they were cool and they were not so great! But you gotta understand you are serving thousands out there! 

So thank you Tasty Bunz for being my guilty pleasure! (And when you pair up with Grouchy Johns you make me a happy fat kid! )
I love Tasty Bunz!!!  The Tots are amazing and the Bunz, especially the mac & cheese are all great!

You have to try the Sticky Nanas for dessert too, if they aren't sold out of it.  There is really nothing bad to eat on the truck, as I have tasted everything on it.

All the guys on the truck are awesome and they have the best attitudes when they are out working.  Thanks EJ for making some great food truck food!
Tasty Bunz was our last stop at StrEATs. We were pretty full but ultimately saved enough room for a bun with jalapenos and pancetta and an order of the nutty professor with white chocolate and carmel sauce.

I'm giving three stars because there is far more menu to sample, but first impressions were promising. We liked the bun, it was a tasty snack you don't get every day. The nutty professor? Goodness, I'm in love. Nutter Butters are my favorite store bought cookie, never once thought about deep frying them, but I'm glad TastyBunz did. I'm hooked.
I encountered tastybunz at a movie in the park in my neighborhood. I something from them because I kinda felt bad- the line for slidin' thru was absolutely gigantic, but for some reason, no one wanted tastybunz! I ordered the big cheesy.

It was ok. The dough was very good, but may have been too sweet. I actually could have used more flavor from the mac and cheese inside the bun- i didn't think it was cheesy enough. But the mere idea of this is absolutely amazing.

On the way home, I wanted to get a snack for the road, so I stopped by here and ordered the SF garlic fries. This is why i'm giving them 4 stars. they were SICK. They were basically shoestring fries, tossed in salt and garlic powder, topped with a garlic mayo-creme sauce and parsley. DELICIOUS. out of this world! Totally made up for my too sweet slightly bland bun! These things were amazing!

I love the variety of their menu. From their different buns, to their fries with bacon and eggs on top... i can't wait to try their other items!
Went here because I saw a Groupon Now offer & was close by. I was eager based on the majority of the reviews & the fact that I love food trucks. Approached the truck, no line, ordered three bunz: bacon bird, Mac n cheese, & a plain along with some truffle tots. I have to say this is the first food truck where I did not finish all of my food. The tots were greasy & not very flavorful. The bunz were meh! I just did not like them, there was very little filling, & when there was filling it was not good. I had a credit on Groupon so I actually got my Groupon & meal for free, but I feel that free is way too much to pay for this! Also, the crew was not as friendly as other food trucks were. I mean I am coming out of my way to find your truck, you can smile or say hi or something! 

On a better note, located next to this truck was Grouchy Johns. I only had a couple bucks on me & was looking for their most inexpensive cold drink. I was immediately greeted by the owners when I approached the truck. I was reading the menu to myself, but aloud, and saw sweet tea. I told them I only had a couple of bucks & they took it & gave me a large sweet tea! Nice! That is the kind of service I'm used to from food trucks. I'll go out of my way to find Grouchy Johns...I'll drive right by TastyBunz.
Bunz so tasty, make you wanna slap your GF!!!
oh...tasty bunz. you have done mama tasty bunz proud my friend! Anytime I get a chance to run into them (usually at the food truck festivals) I always see to it that I grab some of these buntastic delights! I mean whoever thought of the idea of putting these wonderful concoctions inside a beautifully and deliciously made bun is genius! Only thing missing here is a restaurant with a bunch of metal carts being pushed around by fun servers during lunch. If that idea is ever invented sometime around, let me know, and I'll order two of everything!!!

I had the The Blu which has this wonderful chicken and cheese combination inside. It was delicious and went great with the sweet soft taste of the bun. It really complements each other well. I also had the Piz-a-pizza which is filled with pepperoni slices and a nice marinara sauce. My personal favorite is the truffle mac and cheese. Its just full of that cheesy goodness that keeps you wanting more and more! Also, good thing to know is that they do take card. So if you feel like you're dying for some heavenly goodness, but have no cash at hand? Fear not for they have a wonderful device that reads your magnetic swipe. SSSSHHHAAAWWWIIINNNGGG!!!

I did want to try the truffle tots, but they were sold out. I will be back to try it out though, and best believe I'll feel buntastic afterwards!
Are you kidding me right now?  This place is awesome!  My girlfriend and I attended the Food Truck Festival at the Southpoint and this truck was the best we tried.  They had sold out of most items by the time we got there.  The had the pizza stuffed and le cordon bleu.  Both were amazing.  The dough was soft on the inside with a sweet, buttery, thin crust on the outside.  I liked the cordon bleu the best.  I don't chase the trucks, but next time I see TastyBunz I will stop and eat.
Random rant, after reading most of the reviews, I noticed one review that had 1 star.  The person didn't even try to food truck.  It was a GROUPON issue and it was his fault for not doing the research prior, I think it's just lame to give someone a poor review without FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE with the place.  It's not TastyBunz fault he drove around Costco like a dummy.  I mean, I confess I had one issue in the past where I didn't eat at the place and I gave them one star, but that was because I came inside and I treated poorly directly from the staff and I walked out, not because I couldn't find the place.  People that give 1 star reviews without even WALKING IN a place, should be banned from yelp and should just stick to eating at Olive Garden and Sizzler for all I care. Okay, my rant is over.  

Back to TastyBunz...

I am a food truck heifer fanatic and I'm really glad that the food truck craze finally hit Vegas.  It's such a nice alternative to eating buffet after buffet after buffet.  You would think I would buy maternity pants after my Vegas vacation.  I'm glad that I have a delicious place such as TastyBunz around.

Truffled Mac and Cheese with Mushroom Bun-
You had me at hello.  It was super moist and blended perfectly.  It was also served nice and hot, unlike some trucks where they serve their food cold.

SF Garlic Fries-
Just the name alone makes me smile.  Glad to see a bay dish in Vegas.  It was served super hot and you can tell it was a fresh batch and it hasn't been sitting around.  It was extra Garlic-y, just how I like it.  Reminded me of good ole' baseball fries.

Sweet O's (Tempura fried oreo's with a white chocolate and caramel sauce)-
Okay maybe I still need maternity pants or overalls after eating here.  My first time trying pretty much, deep friend Oreo's.  Worth the triple trips to the gym.  I don't recommend it if you aren't a sweet tooth kind of person.  But if you are a diabetic in training, such as myself, eat with caution.


All in all, really prompt service, really nice staff, and the food was amazing.  Also, I do love some of the Filipino inspired dishes.  I'll be back!
When I arrived at their food truck at the Foodie Festival Sunday afternoon, they were already out of buns. Bummer! 

So I ordered their Sticky Nanas, banana potstickers topped with white chocolate and caramel. A little bit of deliciousness!

Not sure if they have just a food truck, but I think I'll definitely track them to try their buns. I heard they're awesome :)
Their truck parked today about one block from my house. Score !

So the buns they were selling today were:

The Juarez: Chicken, chorizo, cheese, corn, black bean, jalapeño and ranch.

The Blu: Chicken, Swiss, and prosciutto 

They had already ran out of buns when I saw them at the last event, so I'm glad I had a chance to get some...without standing in line. 

I got 3 buns. $6. I love that they take credit cards. 

I love the Juarez, lots of flavor. I finished two buns, they look small but they're pretty filling.

Thanks, Tasty Bunz for coming to my neighborhood! Till next time!
I wanted so badly to eat something sweet at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and with the absence of the Foxxy Ladys Cupcakes truck (Where were they anyways?) I was desperate....
While walking around I saw that at Tasty Buns they had Banana Potstickers with Caramel Sauce and White Chocolate - Hmm... maybe that will do the trick -I thought.

It was 3 mini potstickers fried with mashed bananas inside and drizzled with caramel and white chocolate. It was OK - it was really small - maybe because it was so hot outside I needed a cold sweet treat - I don't think I would order this again - it tasted like something I could make at home. 

This review is only based on the Banana Potstickers - I have yet to try the savory food options here - maybe next time....
Only tried one bun during Vegas StrEATS and it was the Juarez or something... chicken, jalapeno, black beans, etc. It kind of reminded me of the roll things at 7eleven except better and wrapped in a sort of sticky bun. Just based off the one I had, I enjoyed it but I did feel the quality of the ingredients in the bun could have been better.

I look forward to trying more and will update review from there.
One of my fav food trucks!
Tasty Bunz oh how nice it was to find you at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest; you were one of two trucks I visited more than once so  you get at least a 2nd place finish as far as I'm concerned;  I've only had one other mac and cheese that compares to the one you served me so well done!  I think it was called the McCheesy which was a Truffle mac n cheese. It was wonderful!

I actually have passed you a few times on the way to work and wanted to pull around and follow you just so I could get some great food when you set up. This is a great place to pick up a sweet treat and you won't be disappointed with their other items as well.
When I pulled into work I saw the truck. I went inside and pulled up the menu. OMG garlic fries??? Yeah I was there with 2 other co-workers. I only had enough cash for the fries, which was a bummer, because the fries were AWSOME!!!! Wish I could have tried other things... But there is always next time... Will be on the lookout for the Tasty Bunz Truck!
Tried it at Foodie Fest!

This place wasn't bad at all.  They only had two "meat-in-bun" choices, so we tried the ones that were available (blue cheese and something else).  They were both pretty tastey but not mind blowing...overall solid though.  Wish I could have tried the others that everyone else was talking about.

We also did the garlic fries...which ARE very good.  Seems like you can't go wrong with a garlic aoili poured over french fries.  I'd come here for the fries alone.

Give it a go!
Yet another food truck to hit the streets of LV. Is it good? Bad? Are we reaching food truck saturation yet?

BBQ Boy (with its energetic chef/owner, Woody) was at the Food Truck Festival today at Costco Business Center. It was my first time trying them and I came away fairly impressed.

My day started out with a free sample of Woody's BBQ Chicken. It tasted just like the Filipino BBQ that I'm used to. Woody's is probably just a tad more tender and juicy.

I decided to order a plate of Sisig for $8. It comes with two scoops of rice and a couple of Lumpia Shanghai. To be perfectly honest, it wasn't the absolute best Sisig I've ever had (that title belongs to JAC in South San Francisco), but it was still very good. I've never really had bad Sisig anywhere.

Holly C ordered some Siomai. For $3, you get 4 of them and she let me try one. It was hot and freshly made, and oh so delicious. (For a little back story, Holly and I both ate Shumai at a few of the buffets during our Buffet of Buffets pilgrimage - a little running gag we had going).

From my initial impressions, it looks like we have another quality Vegas food truck. I'm certainly a fan.
I got to try this food truck at the Food Truck Fest at Costco.  Woody, the owner, is extremely enthusiastic about his business and it's contagious!  I tried the siomai (shumai dumplings) and the chicken bbq.  Both were excellent.  The siomai comes with a nice sauce that isn't too spicy.  He has sriracha if you need more spice. The chicken bbq, cooked on a kabob, is nice, juicy, and flavorful.

The truck is spray painted instead of the normal wrap, which is a nice, unique touch.

I can't wait to track down BBQ boy down so I can try more.
Also tried BBQ Boy's food for the first time at the recent Food Truck Fest at the Costco on MLK).  I thought the food was decent overall, as it was just BBQ, and unless you burn it it is hard to mess up.

I tried their Mix Combo: 1 skewer of BBQ Chicken, 1 skewer of BBQ Pork, choice of rice or noodles (but I think the noodles were out and more were being made, so I ended up with 2 scoops of rice), 2 "Shanghai" (AKA fried egg rolls or lumpia).  $8

Let's talk about the taste first.  The BBQ Chicken was my favorite, it had nice tangy BBQ flavor and the chicken was juicy.  I would order this a la carte at $3 each in the future.

The BBQ Pork was okay.  Same BBQ flavor, but the meat itself was a little tougher (maybe it was the cut of pork used).  Given the choice of pork or chicken, I will go with chicken.

Their "Shanghai" was not interesting.  It was super hot, as it was served immediately after it was made.  But I probably will no try it in the future.

Their Shumai has good reviews from other Yelpers that tried their food over the weekend, so I will give that a try next time.

Service/friednliness, etc.  The owner was a great promoter and gave out samples of the BBQ Chicken to onlookers and patrons waiting for their orders.  If he keeps up his friendly and passionate nature about promoting his food, he will have a great following in no time.

3 stars.
BBQ Boy put Filipino Food on the Vegas Food Truck scene thanks to Woody!

Got to try the Sizlin' Sisig Special as suggested by Woody, along with some Lumpia Shanghai, and a BBQ Chicken Skewer, and they all were pretty good.

I plan to try other selections in the future as soon as I know where their
other food stops are in town...ALOHA!!!
First Filipino food truck, is surely, one of a kind. I was really impress, that some one had an idea to take the food truck business and go all Filipino on it. Even though there are some restaurants out there that does sell Filipino food. But not that many people know about these restaurants. Making Filipino food mobile, and taking it around Vegas, is one hell of idea to get Filipino style food out in the open. 

I was attending the Food Truck Feast that was off MLK and in front of Costco. Never really seen so many food truck in one place. On the other hand, I never really went to a food truck event, cause I thought it was just horrible food. But I was really impress with the quality of these food trucks. 

BBQ Boy really stuck out, cause it does remind me of home and how mother use to cook. Even though we only had the meat sticks, it just brings me back home. I would of ordered more, but it seem like a popular truck that we didn't want to hold up the line. But the quality of the meat stick was awesome. 

If you ever get the chance to encounter BBQ Boy food truck, take advantage of it, cause its really worth it. At least try the meat sticks and taste it for yourself.
Sisig on a truck... OMG Yum ! 
Was heading home the other day and saw them parked at the Pawn Shop on Rancho and Bonanza. Read somewhere that they had Sisig and I had to stop in and give it a try. 
I always love the look I get when I order sisig from somewhere because culturally it's not mainstream but honestly everyone should give it a try at least once! 
We got an order of Lumpia which were meaty and not overly greasy with the perfect amount of crunch to the rolls. 
Two orders of the sizzling sisig that had the perfect amount of heat, cheeky crunch and lemon. 
The owner brought us out a few of his Shumai to try too and WOW. Those were spot on. 
I have tried the Sisig at almost all of the Filipino places in town and even though I am a die hard Cafe Moda fan this place rocks, plus I don't have to listen to the crappy Karaoke to get a decent plate of food. Looking forward to you guys taking off, your doing a great job so far and I look forward to catching you guys on a street again soon.
Nothing else takes me back home, than BBQ Boy. 

I finally got a chance to get a BBQ Pork Combo, which I think is priced very well. Two BBQ Pork meat sticks, two shanghai egg rolls and two scoops of rice, is a very good combination. 

The first time I saw them was at the food truck fest at Costco, off MLK. I saw them again at Costco, on my way home from work and had to make a U-turn on MLK. Ordered the BBQ Pork Combo, and the difference between my last review to this 5 star review is the way everything tasted. Don't get me wrong, the first time was very good, the second time was even better. The first review was off a few meat sticks, this updated review is off the combo and the quality of the food.  Mainly got a chance to experience more.  

It was cooked to order this time around and it was fresh off the grill. Not did I stop by once, I stopped by twice in one day. Came back with the wife, who also love their food. 

These guys are great, the cook was awesome, and the lady who took our order was so nice. Sure enough, I'll be going here again soon and if you guys ever get the chance, go out and visit BBQ Boy where ever they go. You could find them on Facebook or Twitter. BBQ Boy is the best Filipino food truck out there.
Never heard of BBQ Boy until StrEATS. I was a little annoyed that it took a good bit to place my order. No line, I suppose they were just tied up. I got a mix combo and an order of lumpia, not realizing the combo came with two pieces of lumpia. I would've gotten pancit, had I known... ah! well. The pork and chicken were both tender and had good flavor. The lumpia and rice were fine, but neither particularly notable.
I finally got to try BBQ Boy at the Vegas Streets at El Cortez, I have to say it was just okay. The BBQ wasn't anything special to me. I ordered the Chicken BBQ combo which came with two chicken sticks, rice, two egg rolls for $8.00. I'd like to try the Sisig so I'll give this place another shot. 

My overall experience was just okay, the service was not bad, took about 15 min to get my food.
I wish I could support and promote local Filipino businesses, but I was quite unhappy with my experience with BBQ Boy and Catering today. I tried their truck at the Food Truck Fest at Southpoint and I was left completely underwhelmed.

There were about 20 food trucks in the parking lot. The line for BBQ Boy wasn't that long so we decided to give it a try. That line was deceiving. We waited for our food for literally 50 minutes (we timed it). The food truck fest was scheduled from 11 am to 5 pm, and even though it was only 1:30, they were already out of sisig and pork BBQ. 

I got the chicken BBQ combo. The BBQ was good - tender with a delicious marinade. They must have run out of rice because I was supposed to get two scoops but instead it looked like I got 1/2 a scoop and they just spread it to look like more. The lumpia shangai tasted store bought.

I was hoping that the food would make the almost one hour wait. worth it. Maybe they just didn't expect such a huge turn out at the food truck fest but I''m sad to say I wasn't satisfied with my experience.
I've tried my share of food trucks and BBQBoy is quickly becoming one of my Las Vegas favorites. I love that it brings filipino food to people who otherwise would never have a chance to experience it.  

I've had it about 4x and the food always tastes good and flavorful, especially the bbq. My kid loves the lumpia and we always have to have at least 2 orders of it. 

I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for my food, which is an amazing feat for a food truck. And I've always been met with excellent, friendly service. We'll follow you wherever you go, bbq boy!
In the recently renovated Tropicana, this was a quick choice that seemed affordable. But, the caesar salad looked like it was from Wendy's and my pizza slice was decent but cost $7....for a slice.
Located inside Topicana, the South Beach Marketplace is the fastfood place to go if you're ever staying at the hotel.

The food of course is cheaper compared to the joints on the strip, but a little pricier. Though the food does seem healthier compared to your usual hubbub of fastfood chains in the food courts on the strip.

The pizza is good. 

So, if you're ever staying in this hotel and you'd like to save money but feel full, then this place is pretty fair.
Not sure why the other reviewers call this place fast food. It was neither fast, nor fast food quality. The food was pretty good. The breakfast sandwiches (served all day) were great. The pizza wasn't as good as what you'd find at New York, New York, but they still weren't bad. $7, they say? Nope. It was $4 for a slice of cheese pizza. And these slices are huge. Yes, it is pricey, but everything in Vegas is pricey. Compared to other restaurants of similar quality, the prices were average, if not a bit lower than average. This place is opened 24/7, which is a huge plus, as there isn't much on this end of the strip that is opened late. Another plus is the gelato/frozen yogurt bar that is housed with the deli/diner/pizzaria. The gelato was very good, though again, a bit pricey. They give a 10% off coupon at the register that is good for your entire stay, so it makes a medium (which looks like a small to me) about $6.50, including tax. Their frozen yogurt is "pay by the ounce," but it is about a nickel an ounce less expensive than a similar shop at the Mirage.
Spotted this cute food truck while checking out the cars out at the Super Run Classic Car show.  

I didn't want to order anything too cumbersome to carry since I wanted a free hand to take pix of the cool cars while walking.  I wasn't really hungry either so those corn nuggets they had on the menu would be perfect! 

The young lady who took my order was friendly. We talked about how they need to start tweeting since I have never heard of them other than they said they did Vegas Streats. I rely on social media to track many of the food trucks around town. 

Wait time was less than 5 minutes . The nuggets were in a paper tray and very hot from being just out of the fryer, but it didn't take that long to cool off . Golden brown, had nice crunch when I bit into it. Inside creamy and kernels of sweet corn.  Nothing spectacular, but I liked it! It was portable, it wasn't messy and didn't get all over the place so I was happy with my first order here.  Looking forward to trying out their other menu items if I can track them down next time!
Best burger I've had...first time eating buffalo.  Amazing
Friendly staff. I also love the advertising wrap on the truck itself- it really does remind you of a chuck wagon, with images of hanging cast iron pots and other cookware.  

As for the food, I just can't say it's worth the price. I had the wings and fries combo for $8.00. The wings tasted exactly the way I'd make them, which is to say, buy some premade buffalo sauce and douse the cooked wings in it. The fries looked like crinkle cut frozen fare that was deep fried on the spot.  I'm not saying the food is bad; if you're hungry for lunch it'll do. 

I like the people running the Chuck Wagon so I hate to give anything less than 5 or 4 stars but I'm being honest. If I can make the same quality meal at home with little effort and much less money, why pay $8 for it?
i got the buffalo chicken wrap and wasnt impressed. totally something i could make at home. they are nothing special.
Super yummy!! Loved the buffalo burger. And the staff where all super nice.
We had The Chuck Wagon come to our home and cater a birthday party.  The service and food were amazing.  Kathy Smith, the owner, is a wonderful gal and along with her crew provided some of the best food anyone could have asked for.  From meeting with them for the party menu, set up and take down, the whole experience was flawless.  Everyone attending the party raved about the food and service.  Looking for a great experience with some of the best food, you need to give them a try.

The menu we had at the event was Smoked BBQ Pulled Pork (So good and had a wonderful smokey flavor), she smoked this herself and pulled it the day of the party, Marinated Grilled Chicken, Mac & Cheese (Again this was a homemade treat that was creamy and delicious) Coleslaw and Potato Salad, Corn Nuggets (Don't miss these wonderful treats) Fries and Dinner Rolls.

Don't be fooled by some of the other review's because I promise your going to love having them if you need an event catered.
This place has gotten a new name, a paint job and some giant cards on the wall in the last year. Welcome to Aces! Yeah I know what an original name for a giant food court at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Can you feel my sarcasm?

I've been eating at this place since the South Hall has opened up but I will review the new location. Not much has changed! There is still a giant salad bar in the middle at lunch time and fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal at breakfast time. Fruit costs $1.50 per piece. I know but remember were at a convention center. Salads come in large and small and you only pay for what you cram in there. A good bonus for those who know how to pack really well! The only thing the new management added is a giant rope around the whole thing which makes it even more confusing. I really hate it. There is no room to pass, so I have to wait behind indecisive people with there large bags full of literature (they will never read) on there shoulders. I really love that! Again more sarcasm!!!

The food is okay...runny eggs in the morning and overcooked burgers in the afternoon. The sandwich shop is good. There is also an Asian option and a pizza option too. The pizza slices are pretty large and greasy. I've noticed that there seems to be a new refrigerated case with some grab and go items. I think that is a great idea because the lines at lunch time are out of control.

Once you get into Aces, there is a line for every food station, so be prepared to wait. Oh yeah more ropes too. In fact they set up a switchback that was so tight I could hardly make it down. In fact, I gave up and went around and entered from the front. The people in line were laughing so hard because I made some funny comment about it. They all said that I made the right choice by going that way and they wished they had chosen my route prior to my arrival.

The food here is not great. I really try to stick to the fresh salads and fruit, at least I know I wont be bloating on 10,000+ milligrams of sodium. FYI there are not many options around. I've gone over to the hotel and the quality is a little better. Sometimes I just hop on the monorail and head towards the strip and get off at the first stop to find a better option. This place is here as a convience and you would never eat here by choice.

My rating is for the quality and choice of food. I do like the employees they always seem really good. They just keep working away trying to get you in and out but they are fighting a losing battle. So my review rating is not for them, in fact I would give the workers here 5 stars.

Also the room is really big, so you you can always find a place. I usually always end up sharing a table with others. I call European rules here...so sit with new people, share a table and make friends!!!
Like the old saying goes, you can put lipstick on a pig, but in the end you are still making out with a pig! Since the last time I was here at this food court at the convention center they slapped a coat of paint on the place and redecorated a bit. Renamed it "Aces". Woo-Hoo! How appropriate for Vegas. Too bad the food comes up far from aces.

The problem is that you are still being served up mediocre food offerings at a high price point for convention center slop. Think bland burgers, rubbery grilled chicken, fake Asian food, and greasy pizza. At least there is a salad option here but that is about it, along with some pre-packaged stuff to grab and run.

The one thing that didn't change are the long ass lines that makes you want to kill someone when trying to get a bite to eat here during lunch hours. At least there are a lot of tables here so when it's crowded you can do the hover and grab a seat when someone moves.

God, I really hate convention center food.
If you accept what you're getting - and considering the tradeshow atmosphere - this place is decent. Extra star for being a decent place to eat. 

The following cuisine types were noted

American Grilled Meats
American Chinese
American Italian
Rabbit food

I'm a fan of the rabbit food, even though it can be a 15-30 minute wait during peak lunch hour to start building my bowl of bagged mixed greens, artichokes, canned olives, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and croutons and garbanzo beans, it's a faster line than the other food stations. 

Cashier stations are efficient as possible (considering the chaos) - it most of the cashiers are retirees making an extra income. But I normally wait in a cashier line for about 3-7 minutes - pretty typical wait time for here. 

There are typical tradeshow prices - which is about 30-40% higher than what you can find in say a regular grocery store, or a strip mall, but that is life in Vegas.

Normally, the mess hall is filled with every single seat taken when I stop for lunch. What I usually do during lunch is take my food outside and take one of the benches along the perimeter of the building and enjoy the sun. If there's no benches, there's always the grass to sit on. :-)

Tip: Please - don't be a prick in while in line. It's a tradeshow - everyone is wired and stressed. People need to lighten up and take it in stride.