I'll preface this review, for those of you that take gelato very seriously, by stating that I've never had gelato from Italy, I do not consider myself a gelato expert, nor have I received any certifications, degrees or accolades on the subject of gelato tasting.

Now that that's out of the way... I thought the gelato was excellent. I couldn't choose between vanilla bean and caramello, so I ended up getting two flavors (and believe me, narrowing it down to two took a while as they have a lot of enticing flavors).

Oh yes, and after dealing with the prices at Coldstone for a few years now it was a welcome relief and pleasant surprise that gelato for two only cost about $6.
When I'm not hitting up The Sugar Bowl in Old Town, I come over to the equally amazing G Spot. Yes yes that is what the locals and store owners call it, you'll have some fun with that one! Having tried Gelato in Italy, and becoming a quick addict, I was really excited when this chain popped up all over Scottsdale last year. I have to say, they got the Gelato right! Another thing I really like about the G Spot is the crazy amount of flavors to choose from. They offer a variety of fruit, European, and American choices which are all excellent. At my last visit I opted for a fruity mango and raspberry combo and I loved it! If you want some out of the box dessert definitely consider the G Spot, you won't regret it!
This place is awesome.  

The gelato is really good and comes in a ton of different varieties (though, never having had gelato in Italy, it probably tastes completely different) and it's reasonably priced ($3-4ish).     

Also, this place makes some pretty good coffee, too.  I would definitely stop by just for the espresso.
When in Italy a few years ago, I ate Gelato everyday (and one day even twice). So, it was not even a question of if we would stop here, only when. Here on vacation for a few days and my boyfriend decided to show me around downtown Scottsdale. It was late and most places in the downtown were closed, so we hit the Gelato Spot for a little dessert. 

This place is clean and cute and pretty close to the downtown area. The staff are very attentive and greet you when you come in. They are happy to give you samples of anything and everything you want. I feel guilty trying too many, but I made sure to try a few. I could not believe the number of choices. It seemed like far more than there ever were at the gelato stops in italy and the few that stops I have been to in my area too. LOTS OF CHOICES. Some that I have seen before and a handful of new ones. I opted to try the pumpkiin nad the oatmeal raisin. Both were delicious. So I got the oatmeal raisin and my boyfriend got the pumpkin and vanilla. That way, I get to have both without ordering a double. 

YUMMY!!! Great quality gelato. Great Service. Super cute place with inside couches and outside patio. Seems like it would be perfect on a hot AZ summer day!
One of my favorite places to satisfy my sweet tooth!  I typically will get sorbet, and on this evening I decided to get the Raspberry sorbet.  I believe that this Gelato Spot location has the nicest ambiance of all the locations.  After getting my sorbet, I enjoy sitting out on the patio.
I ~heart~ Gelato Spot!  Yum yum, it only took me 3 samples to make my choice.  The hazelnut was nutty goodness, the pistachio was delis, but I went with the passion fruit.  Great location, I love the heated patio.  I didn't even mind the smell of exhaust fumes from traffic, the gelato was that good!
Love Gelato and I love the Gelato Spot.  Came here for a midday sweet treat a few days ago.  Just a scoop of the Stracciatella... so yummy!  I will be back for sure:).
One word: scrumptious.

Two words: affogato style.

Three words:  gelato with espresso.

Four words: need i say more?
Pretty average gelato.

I am partial to Arlecchino and any other gelateria that only uses 100% real fruit, homemade chocolate, etc... to flavor their gelato.  Gelato Spot doesn't.  As a result there is a very distinct difference in quality and flavor.

If you live in Old Town and are feeling lazy, go to Gelato Spot.  If you live anywhere else and/or are not feeling lazy, drive a few more miles to Arlecchino for 5-star gelato.
My family and I did a trip to Italy years ago (think Griswolds without all the chaos, well just hint of chaos). I had my first taste of and developed quite a crush on gelato while there. My brother and I have this running joke regarding gelato, because whenever we went exploring on our own, he misjudged his directions and we ended up lost (er, farther than where we were supposed to be). I became cranky like a little kid and to "get me to be quiet" and make up for us wandering around, he would buy me gelato. Yes, I have a great older brother. Anyway... before my parents and I came into town, he mentioned The Gelato Spot and wanted to take us here. 

Oh man. I was in heaven as soon as I walked in. It's a cute place with really comfy lounge-like chairs. There is plenty of seating outside too, but it was just too hot for me to sit out there. The Gelato Spot offer a variety of flavors and gelato mixture drinks (which I did not try but was tempted). The staff greeted us as soon as we walked in and was patient as I paced up and down trying to decide what I wanted. I tried a sample of the peanut butter. It was good, but not something I really wanted. I could not decide what to pair it with other than chocolate. I'm not very good at pairing stuff, so I stuck with my usual mint chocolate chip and added in a scoop of cookies and cream. Yummy in my tummy, I tell ya. My brother and I enjoyed our desserts, but our mom was not thrilled with the coffee flavored gelato. She said it was good but not as good as she hoped. 

PS: They have free wifi! Gelato and wifi = excellent.
Im putting the same review on the 2 listing because My expeirence involved both locations. One location should not be isolated.


I wrote an email to the director of quality control. I have pasted the conversation for you all!


Hey,I love your gelato and I eat there once a week. It is expensive, do you have any programs like a punch card or something to give loyal customers a reward once in a while or like a free b-day gelato? Most websites have a place you can sign up for news and deals. I didnt see that on your site. 
I also wanted to say thanks for not using hydrogenated oil, I would reccomend and love if you considered removing it from your cones, or using a vendor that does not add it. It is becoming increasingly taboo. Plus the gelato is for the most part natural so Why stuff it in a cone that has oil banned in the entire state of California and on th ballot to be removed at tons of major citys.





Lindsay,



Thanks for contacting us regarding your concerns and praises.  Thank you very much for the kind words.  Please send me your address and I will send you some free coupons for being a loyal customer.  It's funny you brought up having a loyalty card for the gelato spot because this week I put the order in to have a electronic combo card.  It will have both features loyalty and gift card.  It will be similar to a Starbucks card but with more rewards.  It will be at least 1 month before this feature will become active since it interfaces with our Point of sale system it is a complicated process to integrate everything.  Also I did look at the ingredients for our cones and you are right about having partially hydrogenated oils in the mix being taboo these days.  I will look for another alternative to this problem quickly.  I will definitely let you know when I find new product. Unfortunately we do not make the cones from scratch like our gelato so I will have to do some research on possible making our own waffle mix.  Feel free to contact me anytime.  Thanks for hitting the gelato spot. 



Thomas Plato

Director of Quality Control

The Gelato Spot

thomasp@gelatospot.com


I love you Gelato Spot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, it happens to be quite WARM here in Arizona. 

Like, ya know...105 degrees. Only. Psssh. That's all you got desert!? Bring it on. I want to cook my eggs on the pavement. 

Ok, I don't really. And if it gets any hotter here, I'll quite possibly melt. I'm just not cut out for extreme heat, unless the pendulum swings the other way and it's 25 below zero. Layers. Many, many layers. 

I'm way off track. 

So, it's hot. That means, we must eat cold stuff. Like gelato. 

And the world (and my body temp) was righted by a small peanut butter gelato with a cute little chocolate stick. Super cool (pun intended) cafe, funky furniture, creative coffee concoctions, free wifi, friendly people...

Chillllllllll. I like. Dessert in the desert.
I love this place! The gelato is super great and also the coffe is great as well!

I go here whenever I need my coffee fix because Starbucks is always packed and the coffee is not as good as this place =)
Went here twice on a recent 4 day trip to the area.  The first time was for the gelato, the second time was more for the free wifi.
Didn't really love the quality of the gelato, it was decent, but they get an extra star for fun flavors, like Bailey's and Samoas (the girl scout cookies).
I like what Dean writes below - "super cute girls love gelato"

Indeed, had my first visit here today and there were a lot of super cute girls enjoying the gelato. I had peanut butter, which tasted terrific. I could see this place being mobbed around post-dinner time on a Friday-Saturday in Old Town Scottsdale. 

I'll be back.
I needed some caffeine to get me going this morning, so I met Jared at this G Spot location.  Who knew they were open for coffee and breakfast from 7am - 10:30am?  I had no clue - but I do now!  

The coffee did it's job and kept me going all day... and Jared's breakfast sandwich looked awesome!  Fresh yogurt, fruit, granola, pastries, and muffins were available as well.  

Since it's right around the corner from our new place, I am sure I'll be back soon... 

It's actually tempting to go back for an afternoon snack - I've been thinking about their 'pumpkin pie' gelato flavor of the month since hearing so much about it from the Yelp Birthday pARTy!  Is that bad to visit the G Spot twice in one day?!
I liked the Gelato Spot, although its not the best gelato that I have had but its not that bad either. Also the nickname of 'the G spot' kinda grosses me out. The decor/design of the place is way cool, the staff seems to think they are to good to be serving others, but whatever. I recomend this place if you are in the area but not worth any kinda trek.
Good. 
God. 
Scoop of chocolate gelato in a cup of espresso. I can't stop craving it.
this place is awesome..
me and my boyfriend came here twice we liked it so much..
we enjoyed the service since the guy was really cool and helpful..
and he was really patient with us..
i loved it.. the gelato is delicious..
i'd definitely come back here if i was in town.
Hey what do you know , I love this Gelato Spot almost as much as all the other ones!   It has yummy flavors that make me happy.
I go to the Gspot each and every morning for my cup of joe and some conversation with the staff (i find them to be friendly even at such early hours).   Ok, maybe I dont arrive there so early....after all, Im a friggin DJ.

The Gspot has a bit more beyond gelato.  There is yogurt/granolla and fresh fruit each and every morning...along with muffins and assorted pastries.  I typicaly have a breakfast sandwhich made by Rocky himself on a croissant with egg, cheese and bacon.   

I like this gelato spot concept and like even more that it is home spun by a local family here in the valley!!!
I don't get the buzz about this place.. on my visit all three scoops I had (Stracciatella, Hazel Nut and Pistachio) were icy and lacked any sort of flavor punch. Ya know how can you fuck up the classics, right? Plus the guy behind the counter looked more interested in texting than scooping. 

Maybe I was there on an off night? It was towards closing time, perhaps the gelato was a bit on the old side? Ill try again at some point..
The espressolatto might be the greatest concoction man has ever dreamed up. Espresso and gelato blended together makes me quiver with delight. My personal favorite is peanut butter and chocolate with an extra shot. I only wish they had a location in Tempe near ASU.
It's twofer Friday in the review column (I know, it should be 2-fer Tuesday, but that's just not how things worked out).
After lunch at Stax, my daughter and I took a short stroll down Scottsdale Rd. to the G-spot. I have had coffee there in the morning few times, but I had not been in the mood for gelato at 7:10 am, while walking our pup.
So today, in spite of the freezing temperatures outside, we had a gelato.
Really good gelato! These guys are the real deal and the gelato is, I think, comparable to pretty much anything you'll find in Italy. I'm pretty pedestrian, and to me it's almost impossible to beat good old vanilla bean (I did taste the strawberry, too, and it was also delightful). The gelato was smooth and creamy, not too sweet, just great stuff!
Whitney, my daughter had something chocolate and italian, which, try as I might, I can't remember the name of. She has more gelato experience than I do, and also thought hers was great.
So, why 4 stars instead of 5? The 2 people (kids?) behind the counter. They could barely be bothered to respond to us, and appeared to very clearly not want to be there. I wouldn't go so far as to say the service was bad, but when I say "thank you" to someone or ask a question, I would like to get a response.
So good coffee and gelato, with a little attitude on the side, at the G-Spot.
To be honest with you, I have not actually had gelato from Gelato Spot. But, their espresso is to die for! It is so smooth and delightful. I live near Old Town and was looking for a morning coffee spot. The starbucks on Indian School & Scottsdale is far to stressful in the morning. My morning coffee is mean to be to relaxing, and an easy process. Not people shouting in parking lots,and impatient people in lines. So, I was at Gelato Spot studying ( it is ideal for that) and I noticed they open at 7 AM. Therefore, Gelato Spot is now my morning stop for coffee! Thank you GS for making me delicious coffee everymorning!
They dont make the gelato here so that is an automatic deduction in my book but it is still pretty fresh and very delicious. There are a ton of flavors to choose from and they will give you limitless samples. It is a bit overpriced but what isnt in Scottsdale. Overall if you are in the mood for gelato this place wont let you down unless you are a snob, and there is a good chance of that given the usual crowd in oldtown ;)
Yes, i am a huge fan of Gelato Spot. Just a short drive from my house. I love the coconut, pistachio and hazelnut. Ben loves the peanut butter, chocolate with peanut butter cups added in. I must say I would have given this 5 stars but out of over a dozen visits I have only had one nice counter person. That was on Tuesday night, May 5. A young woman was working with him as well and was very friendly. Also, the passion fruit sorbeto was paradise! 

One visit a girl was incredibly rude to a guest by ignoring him just before serving me. All he wanted was a glass of water and she made him wait. I was so turned off. She actually said to me in front of the guest "some people don't know how to wait their turn". I told her I didn't mind but she ignored my request as well. The next visit the young man seemed disgusted for guests to come in at 9:30 p.m. when they are open until 10 p.m. during the week. What else do you have to do for 30 minutes. I got the impression "my parents made me get a job". Good luck with your future kiddo.
In keeping with the Italian theme today, I decided gelato would make nice sweet treat after my delightful experience at Best of Italy (see how I interweave these things together...but wait, there's more!).
In a rare "daily double" I am able to interweave National Pizza Party Day (come on...pizza is mostly Italian) with National Strawberry Month...That's right...strawberry Gelato!!!!
There has been much less attitude and better  service by the staff on my recent visits to the G-Spot, and for that they get my thanks and my gelato dollars.
It's funny, ever since Gabi posted the thread about strawberries...I've had a bit of a craving.
G-Spot...you scratched my itch very nicely today:)
Delish...but then again, who doesn't like gelato?

I had the amarena (cherry) and it was quite tasty.  Smooth and creamy, just like I like my men.  :)

Definitely recommended when you want something sweet to finish off the meal.  Or when you are sweating balls in that nice, desert heat when August rolls around.
There is nothing bad about this place.  Tons of gelato flavors that are delicious.  I had a carmel brownie flavor and a second flavor of very berry.  Both great.  We also got a chocolate coconut one that was very good.  That coffee isn't bad either.  Clean, simple, good atmosphere.
There are things I like about this place and some I don't.  Let's start with the negatives.  If you want 2 flavors, you have to buy a larger size (which is always too much).  Other places, like That's Amore give you 2 flavors in the small container.  The other thing is that they scoop the gelato like ice cream and it's a little too cold like ice cream.  Gelato should be piled into the container a little sloppyly and it should be a couple of degrees warmer than ice cream.  The flavors are great and the stores are nice, but I am a gelato snob and prefer That's Amore.
Good compliment after a Delux Burger (hahah not really). I tried their pocket coffe....great flavor!. I was just missing a good chocolate selection, but they do have the fancy flavors like roche, or gum, or snickers (which personally I don't even care to try). The place is nice and good service.
Stopped in on a hot summers day. what a wonderful experience this was. the staff here were very knowledgeable on their Gelato and gave us free samples of every flavor on display.
I would recommend all of their flavors.
so thanks to yelp, we headed over for our free gelato. after a tasty thai meal prepared by the best chef in the world, my girlfriend, we needed a sweet treat. it would seem odd to have gelato on such a cold and rainy day, but in my opinion, anytime is a good time for gelato. 

we always find the service to be upbeat, not overtly in your face, just a nice smile to make the experience more pleasing. everything always looks delicious, and at times, i ponder not giving a crap about what goes into my body and just ordering 4-5 servings of all the goodness in there. 

the coffee always smells great, but i have a hard time paying for coffee when i can just make it myself for a few cents....like buying water i guess. in any case, always great gelato and super convenient!
the G-spot offers a smorgasbord of different flavors... more than 20 flavors for sure! A cup of gelato offered single scoop, double, and triple melts away all the trouble clouding your mind or for a brief period enjoying this sweet concoction of deliciousness and all things yum and creamy you put your troubles aside and enter the happy zone of gelato world. 

Like any good gelato establishment samples are encouraged especially since there are too many flavors and the combinations are endless, like a scoop of the rum raisin with the roche. I tend to go for the gelato's with liqueurs since there's nothing wrong with some yummy alcohol mixed in with cream. 

At G-spot they explain the positives of why gelato is better than ice cream, it's a spin but heck explain all you want and in the end I'll look at it and be like..."of course gelato is better than ice cream with 32% less butterfat, my body should thank me that I chose this healthier option! Oh another cup you say? Ok... (tell myself, reassure myself... it's healthy) one more please =)". Gelato mi amigos is worth the calories!! YUM!!!

This location is at the corner of 3rd ave and Scottsdale, so it's outside seating makes a good place to people watch, and the layout of the store has couches, and numerous tables to sit with large windows, and free wi-fi. It's an awesome place and the prices are inexpensive. SO if I'm not feeling a froyo run, my next option is gelato and this is the place that I frequent! Oh and this is an awesome place for an after dinner date!
There's plenty of good reviews here, so I'm feeling confident that the 3 star rating will NOT hurt them... and it's not meant to!  G-Spot IS better than most in the valley... and if I remember correctly... they flew a guy and the equip from Italy to teach them all the secrets... but I find the fruit flavors are fleeting... 

I've eaten gelato for weeks on end in Europe (and yeah, there are the mediocore ones even with diligent research)... so I'm just holding out the extra star for the g-place that will make my heart sing!
Gelato love!

I have traveled near and far, high and low and this is the best gelato I've tasted in the US!  It comes the closest to the gelato made in Italy.  It's creamy with rich flavors and my mouth feels like it's in heaven every time I eat it.  I have visited a few different locations around town and they are always consistently delicious.

The staff is nice and the atmosphere is comfortable and inviting.  The Old Town location has a few comfortable lounging chairs with armrests and free wifi.  This is the perfect place to take a break and to get away from the AZ heat.

Definitely check it out.  You'll be addicted, I am!
It's getting toasty in AZ and when it does, my ice cream addiction starts acting up. I've lived near the Old Town Gelato Spot for a couple of years and I like to feed my addiction here. What I like about this Italian ice cream shop is that not only does it have endless flavors of Gelato, it's also a tasty coffee shop equipped with Internet access, breakfast, beverages and frozen sweets. You can also order Gelato cakes for parties or if you're really craving ice cream and a cup just won't do. 

Gelato Spot opens bright and early in the morning, but you're not forced to have Gelato for breakfast. I've tried their breakfast sandwich and fruit/granola combo and both are excellent. Their coffee selection is hearty and they even have Italian sodas on hand. But, mostly I heart the Gelato Spot for their creamy and delicious Gelato. It's equivalent to the Gelato I've had in Italy and they even throw in a tasty cookie with every cup. 

Whether I'm there to lounge for a little bit or do some work, the atmosphere is always welcome and friendly. I'm sure I'll be a regular there this summer.
I was frankly blown away by how nice the people working here were. I'm used to the typical Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone employees who usually don't care if you have a good experience or not.

The Gelato Spot employees asked if we wanted samples and made good recommendations when asked about flavor pairings. They all provided energetic and smiling service. 

The gelato was excellent. I can't tell you whether it was good gelato or not but it sure tasted good to me. 

What also struck me was how clean the place was -especially on a busy Friday evening.

I'll be back again, most definitely.
So good.  I think of all the other places around town for you to get ice cream and this is one of the first spots I pick (pun intended).  I think anyone that is near one should go.  

Not only is it a fun atmosphere but their ice cream is so sweet and so good that it hits the spot.  I cant help myself, I can make these puns all day, I have to stop by when I pass by it.

I will say the down side is the price, but if you are willing to spend your money on cold stone for the 4 dollars and some odd cents, go here its way better and a lot more chill.  

I have yet to try the coffee here, but I can only imagine that its as good as the ice cream.

Recommendations: To anyone that eats ice cream
Yeah Yeah Yeah.. This place has been covered so many times, but I come here all the time.  I have had better gelato back east so it is not the best.. but it is damm good and it is a great place in olde town to catch some ice cream.


If you are in the hood of olde town and have someone on your arm this is a great place to take them for a treat.
I am a fan, definitely! Many is no object when it comes to a cold nice treat in 120 degrees heat. The seatings are great both inside and outside (watering mist++++) on the patio, parking is convenient or you could just stroll around the Old Town center's many shops and drop by to get a nice scoop or two of your favorite gelato flavors. And if you aren't feeling for gelato they have some Italian roast coffee to satisfy your caffeine blitz all day long!
Creamy, delicious, refreshing coconut Gelato. Pricey and worth every penny.
Gelato is one of those things that makes up for a crappy day or a long week.  It also makes a great night out even better.  The Gelato spot has so many delightful flavors, from the rich and decadent chocolate varieties to the tangy fruity flavors.  You can sample the flavors to find the one which suits your mood best or you can stick to what you know you love.

Service is usually friendly and fast, but there are the usual girls behind the counter who look and act like they would rather be anywhere else.  Fortunately, I have had more good experiences with these girls than bad.

Gelato... it's like a hug for your tongue!
Nifty store with an awesome showcase of treats. One night, raspberry with bacio. The razz was full of seeds and well, kinda "beh" in flavor. But the bacio...mmmmmm. Decadence. A lively choco hazelnut with good portions of hazelnuts.

A gem of a find  Hope to be back someday.
I'm definitely a fan!  The gelato is rich and smooth, the staff was really cool about giving out samples, and since I was there on a Saturday night, the people watching was prime -- lots of cougars and adam lambert look alikes.  

I got the chocolate caramel and the strawberry combined, it was truly sublime.  I shall return to the Gelato Spot!
Amarena, bacio, toffee crunch, pumkin mousse cake - oh, YUM!! For the $12 that I paid, it's definitely worth it! Smooth, flavorful and creamy. It reminded me of my trip to Italy all over, again.

This is a great gelato spot. It's definitely at a great location, for some people watching. The folks were friendly and patient, as I asked to sample several of their flavors. 

A must check out spot, when you want your sweet tooth satisfied.
Love the fact that this place stays open late and is in a great location in Oldtown Scottsdale.

Stopped hear late last Friday after a little shopping and dinner.  Picked up a small cup of vanilla bean and promptly devoured it.

If gelato is your thing this is the place in Phoenix.
Great selection of gelato! Across from the Marriot Suites. Service is great! Sample the flavors before selecting. Open later than usual establishments in the area. Always lots of people inside. Try it...won't be disappointed.
Top notch for dessert and coffee in Old Town. Great selection of Gelato and cafe choices. 

The furniture is all modern and the vibe is very upscale. Great place.
Excellent gelato, coffee, snacks and breakfast.  I stop by often for coffee and a tiny sized gelato as often as I can.  Great stuff!
Wow!! That about covers it right there! Hadn't had gelato in a while and we stopped in for a treat. The counter was set up like a fine deli and all the goodies were arranged in a pleasing fashion. Of course, tasting was encouraged and I got a scoop of coconut and a scoop of Ferrero Roche....delish!!! Pleasant employees are always good to note too. :O)
Love the G-Spot. I like gelato in general just cause I don't feel so bad when I start fiendin' for some chocolate. And The Gelato spot is as good as it gets. I like the variety of flavors they offer. And if you're wondering what it'll taste like, you can always get a sample. You can mix and match all the flavors as much as you want. I really like the snickers gelato flavor with some mint chocolate chip. Just writing this review makes me want to get some lol. I love this location; being on the corner and on Scottsdale Rd, it makes it perfect to sit and people watch. It's really great for grabbing dessert after dinner or if you just want some sweet yummy goodness.
Original review on top, 1 year later at the bottom: 
Oh man this was good stuff. We stopped on our way to the airport looking to satisfy our sweet tooth before the bitter TSA experience we were about to experience (Don't touch my junk bro!). 

The staff was very helpful, we probably sampled 6 or 7 flavors between the two of us, and they never batted an eye. They were helpful in suggesting flavors, and flavor combinations. I don't think I tasted a single one I wouldn't have thoroughly enjoyed eating a whole scoop of. But once we finally settled on our two flavors each, we realized why no one cared if we had a few samples; When you charge $10 for 2 (very small) cups of ice cream, you can afford to give away a lot of samples :)

So yes, it is very expensive, but yes it is also very tastey. We'll be back :)

Update almost 1 year later: Dropped to 3 stars. We went back! I'm not sure if the pizza was a new addition since we were there last, or if we were just so Gelato driven last time that we didn't even notice it. But in either case, this time I decided to pick up a pizza to take back to the hotel room with me. I like fru fru pizzas with the oddball ingredient combinations, etc, so this looked right up my alley, however I couldn't really find a good combination of toppings. I did a little customization, and 10 minutes later I was on the way back to the hotel room with Gelato and Pizza! Unfortunately by the time I got back to my hotel room, which was no more than a mile or two away (5 minutes tops), the pizza was soggy. I can appreciate a thin crust pizza, but this was like eating sauce and toppings on a soggy cracker. The crust just instantly turned to mush. Even rolling it up into the (tough) outer edge crust barely worked. I basically ended up just eating the pizza with a spoon (literally! since thats all I had in the hotel room). If I read that they have improved their crust, I'd go back for pizza, otherwise they should stick to the gelato :)
YUM YUM YUM! the gelato here was great and they have so many flavors. Their Almond Snickers flavor was incredible. And the service was friendly. the only reason i am not giving this place 5 stars is because of the price. kinda spendy
Oh Foursquare, what's this? Check in and get a free scoop of gelato? Don't mind if I do.

With a deal like this, you'd think that The Gelato Spot would be hurting for business, but nope, the place was packed, and with good reason. The gelato is creamy, the venue is clean and large, and the servers are extremely nice. Ask for samples. I got the strawberry and was definitely impressed.
Deeeelicious. Try the almond snickers gelato--amazing taste and texture. EVERYTHING looked good. Friendly, quick staff. Indoor and outdoor seating. A great spot.
So there are a couple different locations and this is the second location I've been to. Each has it's own decor going on... with this one being much more loungy with big couches and chairs all over the place.

Cool place.

But gelato is to die for. Forget Coldstone and come and get something at least halfway healthy! And better yet, it tastes phenominal.

Plus, you can stand there and bother the workers to get samples of everything they have... if you really wanted to. But, if you are like me, you get tunnel vision and order the same thing every time - Amarena.

OK, I lied. Last time I went I actually tried another flavor - Caramelo.

So now I am in a debacle... because I love both flavors. Maybe this is my chance to break routine and try yet another flavor. Hmmm, we will see... my beloved Amarena calls my name ever so strongly every time I stare through that cold case window.

Alright, I need to get going... to the G-spot!

PS - check in a few times on Yelp and get a coupon and from what I hear Foursquare has a coupon as well!
Ahhh gelato.....what would the world be like without it? I don't want to know. It's amazing stuff, and this establishment has a great selection of flavors. They offer sample tastings and although I could easily try all of them, I figured two was socially acceptable.  
The decor has a euro-retro feel and there always seems to be somewhere to sit which is nice. We've never ordered the Italian coffee although it smells delicious as well. 
A great treat anytime!!!
after a rather disappointing meal at el hefe, we headed for dessert over at the gelato spot. always a bright spot, the smell of coffee and gelato wafting away our sadness. 

i had the p-butter and cheese cake and it was so yummy. i could just eat gelato for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. and the staff here is always so pleasant and helpful. how many buckets of free samples must they give out a day? awesome place.
Great dessert choice!  In the hustle and bustle of the Old Town in Scottsdale, this is the perfect place to finish an evening with a tasty Gelato that has the feel of a little slice of Italy.  The woman that owns the place is very professional and direct and does a great job keeping this place running like a well, oiled machine.  I would go back for sure!
I have to start out by saying that I love the concept, design and of course the amazing gelato. I however am driven to write this review because I have experienced TWO separate unprofessional occasions within less than a week (four days to be exact). I went into the Camelback and 32nd St. location on Friday May 6th. I am in the restaurant business and I always give every bad experience a second try because everyone makes mistakes. Well........... I came in 15 min. before close- a big no no for industry ppl but I wasn't asking for a full 4 course meal especially because EVERYTHING was still out. I knew exactly what I wanted and of course tipped. The reason I was a bit upset was because I walked in to the two employees (one I found out later was a manager) mopping and cleaning and I was given the rudest look followed by an eye roll and a huge sigh by the manager. I was taken a bit back and I felt the need to apologize even though I was the customer they were STILL open. I offered to leave because I felt so uncomfortable. I was given service and was also given a half hearted explanation that he was very tired and it was the end of the night that was why he acted in that way. Ok fine I understand the way those nights are- believe me I have had them but still coming from a manager!!!??? What drove me to write this was my experience tonight Monday May 8th. I went to the Scottsdale location on Scottsdale Rd. just south of Camelback. I came in at 10:30PM an hour and a half before they closed. I was at the counter waiting for a long time. I was not acknowledged or even saw any employees until I moved toward the kitchen doors where I saw a very nice gentleman that finally saw that I had been waiting out there for a while. I was served and really didn't get any sort of meaningful reason of why I was waiting so long (by the SAME manager from the previous location!!!!) when there were three employees on and the business was not even the slightest busy. He gave me a very bad excuse to cover up for loitering around outside on the patio chatting instead of doing his job.  I proceeded to contact them afterward because the whole situation was very unprofessional with the two incidents and he tried to change his story about how he acted on Friday and that he may come off to some people to be rude because he is Italian and has a different sense of humor. WHAT!!!!!??????? I don't care who you are or what nationality there is a difference in cultural aspects and just being down right rude and a bad manager. I have several friends that are Italian like him straight from Italy who don't act like that. I felt that excuse was WAYYYY out of line and was just digging himself into an even bigger gaping hole. He made an excuse that was an embarrassment to his place of work and was derogatory to all other Italians. I would like to say I want to return but unless there is a change in management I will not step foot into that place unfortunately. In this case one bad apple spoils an amazing restaurant. However if I do not return I will still have dreams of the wonderful gelato! :)
The Gelato here is amazing - best in Old Town! Nice selection and you can get a latte to go along with your yummy treat.
I am sad to admit that in my 32 years on this earth, I had never had Gelato until tonight.  It was one of the greatest things I have ever put in my mouth!

The wife and I ate dinner at Grimaldis and had to walk off some pizza so we headed up Scottsdale Blvd and saw this on our left.  I had to stop.  

I got 2 flavors....chocolate and almond snickers.  The almond snickers was awesome with just enough nuts and caramel twist etc.  Now the plain chocolate gelato....this my friends was freaking AMAZING!  It was so light and creamy.  The taste reminded me of eating a chocolate cake...the best chocolate cake ever....and this was in gelato form.  It was a little over 5 bucks for 2 scoops.  I like how they give you a dinky little "shovel" to eat your gelato.  Makes your brain think you are eating way more because its in such small doses on the tiny spoon.  

I didnt know what I was missing out on all these years never having  tried gelato.  I plan on going back here at least twice more over the next 3 days I have left in AZ.  It was awesome!
I love any of the Gelato Spot locations in the Valley and this one is no exception.  The fruit flavors are amazing, Cookies & Cream and Peanut Butter are sinful - yum!  Love that they have free WiFi too, so I can eat my gelato and work at the same time.
Delicious, authentic gelato. Enjoy as many samples as you desire!  This gelato has the consistency of American ice cream, but it's packed with more flavor. Much more flavor. 

Memorable flavors include NY cheesecake, almond snickers, almond, mango, banana, forest berry, and birthday cake. The cheesecake tastes EXACLTY like the real thing--delicious!  Every cup comes with a pirouette--very unique!  

My only gripe:  You can't purchase two flavors in a small cup. Only medium.  Not that I'm complaining about having MORE scrumptious gelato...

Sit on the patio, enjoy your gelato, maybe some espresso...a very pleasant way to escape.
One of the best Gelato places in the valley that I have tried.   Only one I've been to better is in Tucson, and that place is like being in Italy, this place is a hairs width from that.  Wonderful service, great atmosphere, parking isn't too bad, and prices are reasonable for what you are getting.  We will be back, again and again and again.  They let you taste anything you want before you order too!
So many kinds gelato. Can eat inside in a comfy chair or at a table outside. Went with straight up chocolate which was rich and cramy. Others tried mango and coffee. Rave reviews. .Skip desert when you eat at a Scottsdale restaurant and walk here instead. You will not be sorry.
My whole outlook on the horrible experience at the Gelato Spot changed by the immediate response by the owner. Not only did he apologize for the incident, but he offered me a gift certificate to use at his business.  This is the first time any business owner acted as professional as he did. I appreciated the amazing customer service that he offered and really made me feel like he really does care about his patrons. I will definitely return!
Great gelato and got a $1 off when you go thru Yelp for text coupon.  I had coffee and wife had peanut butter, but there were a ton of non-traditional and yummy looking flavors we could have chosen from.  As good as the gelato we had in Italy.
Love some of their flavors here- coffee, roche (if you're familiar w/ Ferrero Rocher's chocolates, then you know what this selection will taste like), peanut butter, and now cheesecake!  My latest purchase was a combo of coffee and cheesecake... a must-try!

I've tried some of the sorbets here a long time ago and liked them, but since it's been awhile, I'll have to make it a point to try them again to make a formal review.  With the weather heating up very fast, this task won't be very hard to do!   ;)
The gelato at "The Gelato Spot" was good, but I don't think it's ever really bad. 

The portions are small - as expected and all you need- the service was so-so, and the place wasn't busy inside. While you *can* ask for free samples, more than a couple samples seems frowned upon.

After the raving yelp reviews I was thinking this place would be magical or something. It's normal gelato, the way its served in hundreds of places across the country. Nothing out of the ordinary, and a little more costly.

I recommend the Chai gelato. Just don't sit outside in the AZ summers or it'll melt in a quarter of the time! :) 

Frankly, I'd save the money and buy a pint at Fry's to split with friends!
Talk about Service!  I received an awesome deal on my mobile phone to try out their new pizza's at the Oldtown location for $5 was I glad.   I ordered the BBQ chicken, without cheese, and had some arugula added, though it comes with cheese normally - it was absolutely awesome.  My kids enjoyed the margherita pizza and asked for more.  So then I went home and told my husband about it and he signed up for their mobile deals.  The next day, he ordered an Italian Sausage type pizza. Loved it.   We have since told many of our friends and family about this new addition to the Gelato Spot.   Customer service, staff and management is above par and we'll for sure be back.    So much better than other pizza places and healthier, too!  Now that I'm thinking about it....I'm craving it again.
Great gelato. It's actually very creamy so kinda taste more like an ice cream but still incredible. Lots of flavors probably 30+. Haven't had a bad one yet. Love the Roche, chocolate and pistachio.
Just had a pizza last visit- they have a new pizza oven. Good thin crust, tasty ingredients, soggy in the middle kind of like Pomo. 
Give it a try!
Homemade gelato, Pascucci coffee, and now delicious salads, panini and wood-fired pizzas... this G spot really has it all!

I was hesitant when I learned that the Gelato Spot in Old Town was coming out with pizzas and salads, but after my lunch there today, I'm completely sold!  I was there with Lindsey F, so I have a feeling she'll be updating her review soon too, but I wanted to beat her to it, so here it is.

We shared the chicken louie wedge salad (iceberg wedge, chicken breast, cherry tomatoes, diced cucumbers, bacon, chives, avocado, champagne vinegarette, blue cheese crumbles, louie dressing, grana padano) although opted to get it minus the chives and blue cheese, and the american pizza (di napoli Tomato sauce, mozzarella fior di latte, italian sausage, spicy pepperoni, tuscan olive oil, grana padano) with mushrooms.  Both were delicious!  

Seriously, the quality of the ingredients in both the salad and the pizza was evident... I cleaned the salad plate and ate my fair share of pizza too... We learned that this type of pizza is an art, and the pizza chef came from another well-known wood burning pizza place in town.  It was cooked just right and we were told it's best right out of the oven, so plan on dining in if you can.  Warning - the pepperoni really does have a kick!  

I love the fast-casual ordering system (order at the counter and then your food will be brought to you).  Prices are reasonable ($9 for our huge salad and $10 for the pizza).  I may have to go for a panini next visit as they look pretty awesome too, and there is a huge selection with hot and cold choices ranging from Italian grilled cheese, veggie, sausage & peppers, turkey, tuna, and more!

I enjoyed my  lunch so much that I forgot to save room for gelato, so I suggest saving a spot in your belly (a g-spot so to speak) when you go.  Buon Appetito! ;)
the italians behind the counter are hilarious!

try their low sugar varieties!

TOURISTS: cute shop with plenty of seating outside and lots of photo ops!
YUM! This place is awesome! I stopped by here Friday night with my girlfriends and LOVED IT! The place was clean, the people behind the counter were very helpful, and they had lots of flavors to choose from (I went with mango for my choice). They also have sugar-free options, so I was impressed. I will absolutely be back.
So I am going to jump off the 5 star band wagon and hope I survive the fall. I purchased a couple groupons for the Gelato Spot as I have really been into trying new sweet treat places this summer. I've been to probably six different gelato shops this summer and this is one of my inbetweens. Not my favorite, but not my least favorite either.

I have been to two locations, this one and one in Phoenix. I remember the location in PHX having more flavors. When we came in after lunch today it seemed that the flavor selection was minimal. That might have something to do with the fact that they have a pizza oven at this location that isn't at the others, which to tell you the truth I was more interested in trying than the gelato. I might have to come back just to try the pizza and see how that is. But anyways... the first time I had the coconut gelato,which was good but not great. And this time I had the banana gelato. I like the fact that all of the fruit flavored gelatos are dairy free. I don't always want to eat dairy and if there are vegan choices available to me I will always go with those instead. I tried a few of the fruit flavors today. The cantaloupe was pretty good, the peach wasn't appealing, so I settled on the banana. It was good, but about halfway through my one scoop I got bored and didn't finish it. The biggest issue I have with these shops are the price. One scoop for nearly $4 is a little excessive. And I could justify it if it was the best gelato I ever ate in my life, but its not. So I don't know where the high price tag comes from. The deal I got with my groupons was good. I paid $5 for $10 worth of gelato. So I would say that if you see a groupon, go for it. Because at least that way you are getting a better deal.

As far as the gelato goes, I won't come out of my way to come back here. However, I plan on one day trying the pizza they have at this location. The selections sounded really tasty and I had just had lunch so I shouldn't have even been thinking about food.

Oh, and FYI... there are a ton of ants all over the tables in the little outdoor but indoor area in the back of the shop. You might want to get that taken care of.
Stopped in here for the first time tonight after dinner with my former roomie. How is it i've lived in the valley 5yrs and not been to this place yet?? Oh yeah, i forgot... I don't really care for ice cream. But this is where i was mistaken, cuz gelato is not ice cream! There were so many flavors... I think i made the girls behind the counter a lil batty with my indecision and fawning over the potential flavor combinations... I finally settled on a choc-dipped waffle cone with Caramello and Tiramisu flavors. Yum. Yum. Yum!  I promise i will try a different flavor next time, but it will be hard to resist that Tiramisu... I will be back!!
This Gelato Spot is great, not only do they have gelato, but they have food.  Yes, full menu of salads, paninis and pizzas.  I have had a few salads so far.  They were very good.  I can't wait until I am having carbs again so I can try their pizza.  The smells from the wood fire oven were amazing.
This place has it all. I loved the gelato (coconut & strawberry). I am not sure how crowded is the shop in the weekend though. I would like to go there again to taste pizza and coffee and gelato again with my works to be done. :D
Love it and the coffee is even better than the gelato! They just began serving food and I cant wait to try their pizza and panni's!
Right after I wrote my first review of this place, a groupon deal popped up that would let me try the pizza. I jumped right on it and used it today for lunch. 

We came in about 3pm and it was pretty crowded. The pizza oven was going, and there were lots of people sitting around eating gelato. A lot more crowded than the last time we came in, that's for sure. We ordered lunch, I got the marinara pizza and my husband ordered the chopped salad. The wait time for our lunch was pretty minimal. A little over five minutes. My pizza came out first and it was pretty delicious. The crust was thin, with just the right amount of fluffy in the edges, and with a nice char on the bottom from the pizza oven. The sauce was tangy and had a nice array of spices in it. It was also covered in garlic and fresh basil leaves. I really enjoyed this pizza. My husbands salad was lettuce, chopped carrots, cucumbers, roasted corn, cherry tomatoes, parm, all in a very tasty vinaigrette on top of a piece of flat bread. His salad was also very delicious. Our coupon covered our whole meal plus two small scoops of gelato, but the prices of our lunches was pretty reasonable. I would come back here to eat the food again.

The gelato on the other hand, is still not my favorite. I had strawberry today and didn't finish it again. I don't know what it is about the gelato here, but I am just not crazy about it. Hence the four stars. The pizza and salads are great though. Come try those.
Ok.  So I read all the reviews on Yelp before usually making a final decision to visit a place.  The Gelato Spot, however, just so happens to be right by my work location, so it has become a convenient stop and a staple to my lunch locations.  The surprising thing about this place....
Not only is their gelato my favorite of all places around Phoenix/Scottsdale (try their seasonals - my fav was Canteloupe) they now serve phenomenal light lunch food.

First time we did lunch, I tried the margherita pizza, and the italian panini (ask for it warm).  mmm mmm....  mozzarella, proscuitto, home-grown basil... everything is so fresh!   I've now been back to try out their salads, paninis and other pizzas.  

This location is more touristy, but its worth a visit for a nice lunch and a yummy treat!
I went here off of my Groupon purchase. I know there are a few top notch Pizza places in the Phoenix area so I had high hopes for this one and they didn't disappoint. 

I was a little confused going in on how things worked. The short version? Order your pizza at the register by the oven, fill your own drinks with the exception of coffee which will be brought out to you. Find a seat with your number and wait for deliciousness to be brought to your table. 

We all enjoyed our pizza's and the Gelato was amazing. Pumpkin pie was sooooo good. 

I do have to say we were a little apprehensive going in, it isn't what you would think of when you think of good pizza, it looks like a brightly lit ice cream parlor more than a sit down pizza place, but really it is both. 

Next time I am in that part of town, I will for sure stop for a Gelato, there are so many choices and so little time.
With Gelato Spot across the street from work, a lot of my co-workers head over for everything from coffee to lunch.  They all rave about it non-stop.  I finally bit the bullet and let a work friend drag me across the street to Gelato Spot for lunch today, after much hesitation.  Maybe it is the fact that it started out as a dessert place, which had since morphed into a coffee and pizza joint. 

WHAT THE HELL WAS I WAITING FOR!?!?  

Had the Chicken Louie Panini with a side salad.  

Chicken Louie Breakdown -
Toasted..with a slight char to the bread..yum!
Sliced Tomatoes - Nice and fresh.  Not mushy. 
Bacon - Could have been a little crispier, but bacon makes everything better!
Avocado - 86'ed that. 
Louie Dressing - Slightly tangy, slightly sweet.  Some might compare it to thousand island, but its not as thick.  
Blue Cheese - GImme the funk!  YUM!
Chives - Chives is chives. 

Side Salad Breakdown - Now, this is why I'm not giving Gspot 5 stars.  I was given the option of caesar or house.  I asked for the house. 

Romaine - Fresh and crisp.
Cherry Tomatoes - Fresh with that pop when you bite into it. 
Carrots - chopped, and not grated.  Cant stand grated carrots. :) 
House Dressing - The salad was drenched in oil...total turnoff. 

Flat Bread - Very tasty!  

Will I return to GSpot?  Yes!  I wanna see if they can do a custom panini.  Will I order a side salad again?  Probably not, unless I can request a different dressing on the side.  

But salad or not, I think I know where I'm having lunch again this week!!  :)
I can't say enough good things about this place. I have all my meetings here, food is excellent, gelato is insanely delicious. Staff and owners are very nice and always attentive. MUST GO THERE!
So they now have a pizza kitchen area and another area that I don't recognize on the other side of the room.  The pizza's A-ok, nothing that blows your mind - good crust, can be a little firmer in the middle of the pie, nice size.  The chop salad (?) served on foccascia was good.

The problem with it all is that now its confusing, there are 2 registers and a "wait staff" to bring you the food, but the drink is self-serve and you have to pay at one of the registers.  

There may be no better way to do this, but if they can figure out a better way to make it work a bit more streamlined and less confusing for new customers it would be a boon.
Great food, friendly staff. I ordered a spicy pepperoni pizza and while cooking it they made the bottom too thin so the pizza got a hole in it. They came by to tell me it would take a little bit longer and offered to give me the broken pizza as well as the new one once out of the oven. My only question is: why don't they make any reference to their pizza outside the restaurant? You wouldn't know that pizza was half their business unless you went inside.
My "D-Spot".  ;-)  Where I can "Decompress" after an intense work day. 
Not to mention the best cup of Matcha in town.  Thanks, Don!!!
Best Gelato! I am not a huge fan of sweets but I cannot resit the pull of this place. Not sure what you want, no worries since they will let you taste as many as you want until  you decide.  Taking it back to your office, not a problem, they have nice foam cups with lids to keep it from melting while you walk back.
Has some awesome ice cream choices. Dont love the food here.
The shakes are amazing here, its so hard to pick a flavor! I'm excited to try the pizza!
I am a G-Spot addict!  Had to limit myself from going every week though.  

Took the hubby there after a date night the other weekend.  It was his first time to try gelato.  He's a ColdStone guy 100% and he really enjoyed the Tiramisu gelato!  

The focaccia flatbread is awesome!!!  And I would post a photo of the Focaccia Flatbread I got earlier to eat along with my homemade salad, but (in the words of LOLCat) "I eated it" and forgot to take a photo first.   :)

My favorite salad dressing is the champagne vinegarette!  
The mintchip gelato is freaking awesome!  
The stracciatella gelato mixed with mint - even better!!!  

G-Spot is so awesome, that I just walked back over and got my Mint / Stracciatella combo.  Baby C wanted something sweet!   :D
Found this place by accident yesterday while walking in Old Town. Immediately checked it on Yelp and saw it had a great rating, and then we found out why.The gelato here was excellent, and we have had our share of gelato in many places. Flavor choices were very good. Some flavors like Samoa and Roche I had never seen. I had Samoa and my husband had the Roche, which was delicious and tasted like hazelnut. Would definitely go back there to try another flavor or even the pizza we saw being made that looked great.
What I love
-Your delicious and bountiful flavors. 
-Comfy chairs that I can sit back on for hours
-Free WiFI = great study spot
- Variety of seating. Indoors or outdoors. Outdoor seating is under a tarp, so the temperature is regulated.
- your shakes! 

Why you bother me
- cravings that can't be satisfied because I live too far from you
- I compare other gelato places to you and end up not as satisfied. The glass doesn't look half as full
- I can't say no to you.
Love this place the service is great.  All the employee's are friendly and go the extra mile.  The food has always been very fresh and tasty.
I've had gelato and pizza here.  Both are wonderful  Not your ordinary pizza either.  Very nice surprise.
The gelato was pretty good. It wasn't the best gelato I ever had but it was decent. There were many flavors and it tasted pretty good. There are major differences in size between the small and large, even though the prices aren't that different. A small costs about $5. The ambiance is really nice and was decorated very well, although when I went the place was crowded, and both the available seating and the restroom situation was insufficient to handle the demand. The restrooms had long lines, and seating was not readily available; the only available seating was on the patio, and nothing was available inside. The quality is 4 stars, and the overall experience is 4 stars.
Delicious gelato. I had the Bacio (chocolate/hazelnut blend) and my husband had the chocolate caramel fudge brownie. Super rich and intense flavors. Nice interior space to sit as well. Perfect sweet end to the day.
Walked in tonight with eight people four being children.  Place was packed yet Tommy seated us immediately. Normally this is a self service spot. Tommy took our order and served us amidst the hustle of the place. Great service.  Right on!  Gelato was great too!  Love the coconut!
I had my first trip to the Gelato Spot a few weeks ago.  My expectations were not all that high, only because I've had amazing gelato, but haven't been able to locate any in this state.  I was pleasantly surprised to see they had food as well; a decent selection of salads, paninis, and pizza.  My friend ordered a salad, which was huge, and looked very good.  I ordered a grilled cheese, which blew my mind!  Granted, I have a special weakness for grilled cheese, but the choice of cheese, and ripe tomatoes on this were definitely spot on.  

I wasn't going to order gelato (how wrong would that be, to go here and not try some!), but my friend talked me into it.  I have to agree with another reviewer who said the gelato was too rich.  I'm glad I ordered the small, because it was super rich and super sweet...a little too much for my liking.  That being said, so far this is the best gelato I've found in the area; you'd be amazed at what some places try to pass off as gelato.  There ought to be a law!
My friends and I hit up the Gelato Spot on my recent visit to Scottsdale and what a perfect way to end the day!

I was waffling between one and two flavors (one being small and two being two scoops/medium) and I finally chose medium because I couldn't pick just one flavor! Calories be damned! I really enjoyed my Toasted Almond and Coconut. YUM. It came with a long cookie which was a nice touch. 

You've gotta know what you want when you get up there. Those ladies like to keep the line moving! They'll let you taste flavors, but they'll help the next person in line while you're deciding.
We went to Spring Training a few weeks ago.  Of course it was hot and we had to go into the Gelato Spot. The  gelato was great the only thing is for the price we paid for a small cup of gelato wasn't so great...    I could have brought a gallon. 
 But we were there for Spring Training and we hadn't been to Scottsdale before so it was worth it.
Amazing Gelato and great selection. Enough said.
We traveled from Chandler to Scottsdale for our occasional fix at Gelato Spot, and were pleasantly surprised to find they now have food.

We tried their Classic Pizza and were pleasantly surprised. In places we have visited in Italy, the pizza crust is more important than the toppings, and the Spot has done the crust justice in their wood fired oven. That with simple, fresh toppings makes it even better - ours had a wonderful cheese, olive oil, mushrooms and sausage -  with each flavor being discernible in each bite.

We split the pizza so we had lots of room left for two scoops of gelato. Always consistently good - no ice crystals as we have experienced with gelato places in Chandler. And full flavored - even in Italy some shops can skimp on flavorings to save a few euros.

But alas, no Mediterranean views. But with great gelato and what I think is a pizza done one better, this place will be continue to be on our short list of favorites.

6/12/2012

I had to update my pizza review after 2 more visits. We had one with pepperoni that had a distinctive off taste - and resulted in stomach pangs but no other ill effects. And the last time we repeated the Classic but it was what I would describe as soupy and lacking the balance of flavors that we loved when we first tried it. 

Still, we still do love the way they do gelato and will return for the tiramisu and pistachio flavors.
I really don't know why I never tried this place for lunch before.  The panini I had was great! It didn't break the bank and it was so large I took half of it to go.  Two people could easily split one and add on a side salad and have a super cheap and delicious lunch. I really like their unsweetened herbal iced tea, too. l Iook forward to giving the pizza a try next time.
Our office ordered pizzas and paninis for a lunch meeting. All 15 of us were SO disappointed. I had the Italian panini and it had absolutely no flavor. That was the common theme: no flavor and weak on the ingredients. I was in there last month to pick up a pizza (my office is walking distance) and you could totally tell the cooks were not happy. It was like they were not proud of their work..uh, making kick ass pizzas and paninis. Someone from our group said "that's what we get for ordering lunch from a place that is known for the Gelato. Unfortunately, we won't be ordering from them again..
I wrote a not so positive review about the Gelato Spot after our office ordered lunch from there. While we were disappointed in our lunch, we do understand that everyone has a bad day, and we will for sure be giving these guys another try, especially since I received a very nice message from their management. How cool was that?! They do have the BEST Gelato in the valley.
This is the friendliest place I have been!  The staff is great, the gelato and the food is amazing!!  Try the Chicken Louie Wedge Salad, you will not regret it.  Great atmosphere :) I cannot say enough good things about this Gelato Spot
I went in with a groupon, service was very good, the cashier was very attentive. We ordered the salad and a margarita pizza, the salad was good, but the pizza was a little disappointing, the sauce tasted like the sauce from spaghetti O  's , the basil was over cooked and the crust was still doughy. It was a good deal and I am glad I tried it. Next time, I will stick with they do best is their gelato and coffee.
We've coming here for a couple of years and this will be a short review:

Seriously good gelato.  'Nuff said.
We traveled from southern Cal to Scottsdale, and the warm weather made us want to get some gelato!  The employees were really nice and let us try many samples.  Our favorites were lemon and mango flavors!  a nice stop before heading off to Sedona!
Who knew the Gelato Spot had a full menue of pizzas, salads, paninis? And it's good food too! I tried the proscuitto, tomato, mozzarella panini. It was enough to split into two meals. The bread was very tasty and their ingredients were fresh...  I'm looking forward to trying their pizza too!
get on their text club to save 20 percent!
Thanks to Gabi M. I have another spot to add to my list of Phoenix faves! This place serves up light and delicious Italian fare in addition to coffee and Gelato. The service was friendly and casual and great for those on a time crunch because you can order at the counter, grab a seat and wait to be served!

On this visit we both ordered the Focaccia Chop salad with chicken. With the Arizona heat in full effect crisp salads are what I crave most, and that salad sure hit the spot! The mix of Romaine lettuce, cherry tomatoes, wood roasted corn, diced cucumber carrots and avocado was heavenly. The champagne vinaigrette added a hint of sweetness that blended nicely with Grana Padano cheese that was served over the greens. The best part was that the salad was served over their fresh oven baked Focaccia bread! It was almost like a pizza salad and I enjoyed every bite!

In addition to delicious food and generous portions, the prices are super reasonable! I don't think I saw anything on the menu that was over $10.95. As I waited for my salad,  I read over their other menu offerings and I will for sure come back for a taste of their wood-fired pizza, panini and Gelato!
Great flavors and good quality. The place is very clean and nicely decorated.  I like coming here.
I feel a little behind the curve just now finally reviewing one of Old Town's staples in diet cheatery. 

I have [thoroughly] enjoyed the gelato several times, taking advantage of their late hours walking around old town. It has never disappointed, whether I was in a fruity mood (mango and pineapple) or a chocolately indulgent mood (nutella and caramello). 

What I didn't know until recently, and what inspired me to finally yelp this place, is the fact that they serve FOOD! And get this- it's GOOD. They have a big, beautiful wood firing oven and they use it to make fresh, authentic Italian style pizzas and flatbread. I, still feigning a "diet", decided to partake in the chopped salad. Loaded with fresh veggies, it's tossed in a tasty dressing and served on a wood fired flat bread. I was in salad heaven. I also tried the pizza, which was delicious and extremely flavorful. You could tell everything was made from scratch- plus, you got to watch it being made. No re-heated cardboard tasting pizza here!

I can't wait to go back and try more of the Pizzas, particularly the BBQ chicken one, which came highly recommended. Obviously, you have to finish your meal with some of their famous gelato. This time, I had salted caramel and chocolate peanut butter. Totally diet friendly, right? Oh well. I'll call it a cheat day.
I remember as kid my older sister would drive me to one of the only gelato places in town in old town Scottsdale. I don't think this was it, but I know it's near the same area. Old Town has changed so much over the years. I remember when they tore down the Kachina theater (where I saw E.T.) to put up the forever abandoned Galleria. I remember when they tore down my favorite hot dog joint and put up a Gilbert Ortega behind the cowboy sign.

Anyway - even though this probably isn't the same gelato place I vaguely remember as a kid and it's totally modern inside, it still makes me feel nostalgic. It's a great place to stop by if you're walking around downtown and want a cold treat. It's an even better place to get dinner. This location serves wood-fired pizza, salads, and sandwiches as well.

I have been here a bunch of times, but recently had some lunch. I ordered a Pepperoni and Sausage pizza. It was insane. It comes on a hand-tossed thin crust which is flavorful and just the right amount of crispy. The pepperonis were spicy and some of the best I've ever had. I was truly impressed. Price-wise, it was a lot of food for the money and you could tell it was high quality ingredients. The portions are perfect for leaving room for a bit of gelato, feeling full but not bloated and about to die, and also friendly on the wallet.

I also had some of my girlfriend's salad and was impressed with that as well. We finished it off with some gelato of course - 2 flavors each so we got to try 4 (plus the free tastes). I try not to eat ice cream or gelato very often, but this is definitely worth the calories. 

Service is great - everyone that works there is nice and friendly. The place is always clean and apparently they are soon going to be opening the upstairs as a dining area. The decor is modern and feels very upscale. This would be a fantastic place to take a first date if you're in high school or college and on a budget. You'll get out of here for less than you would at a chain like Outback or something.
There is always a debate among those who have visited Italy and tasted authentic gelato and think that G-Spot is right on the money or those who have that pretentious, "Well it's no where NEAR as good as it is in Italy, when I stay there bla bla." No duh it's not as good as if you were in Italy, but let me tell you, it's pretty damn close! Their cappuccinos and coffees are decent too.
Best Gelato in the country! I travel the world and love gelato. None compare in the US. I have had gelato in Miami, New York, SF, Chicago, LA, Vegas and none compare. They now serve personal size pizza too that is out of this world! Dont miss it.
They probably have the best gelato you can get in the valley, but the food wasn't amazing. The pizza came out a little soggy, with the toppings falling off pretty easily. Besides that, the toppings were tasty (we got the spicy pepperoni) and the service was awesome. They brought out the food fast and the server was very nice. I probably won't eat a meal here again, but I am definitely a fan of their gelato. I always taste a bunch of flavors before I decide what to get, but it's still a hard decision! I love the set up of the place too, they have indoor and outdoor seating with nice lighting. Still have yet to sit upstairs since it's been closed every time i go, but I plan to try it out when it's re-opened.
Who knew this place served brick oven pizza?! I got the simplest of them all- the margharita, and it was delicious! Loved the tomato sauce and cheese. It tasted fresh. The pizza was neopolitan style in my book... thin in the middle with a decent crust. The pizzas are individual sizes. I tried a bite of the BBQ chicken pizza and it was very tasty as well. It was great finishing our pizza and immediately enjoying a cup of gelato. This is some of the best I've had around town. Yes, free tasters. Seems like they have a bar also and serve top notch coffee. Haven't bought anything from the bar and I don't drink coffee. (Oh, and there's parking in the back and a parking garage across the street).
YUM! Better than ice cream! And the wood-fired pizza isn't bad either!
Definitely an odd spot.  I used to come here all the time before they started serving food.  The owner doesn't seem to know how to solve seating arrangements.  This is the first time ever when in a "seat yourself" cafe they would not let a single person sit a table.  Even though there were many tables available.  The owner was concerned that some potential large party could show up later on so she wanted to keep the empty tables empty.  Clearly not a very customer friendly approach.  And kinda silly.  Gelato is great here.  Skip the food.
Sometimes people ask you, "Where is the best coffee spot in town?"   Sure, some people can name their fancy places and the coffee bigots will utter starbucks, but my answer is consistent: "The best coffee I've had in these United States is at a tiny little Gelato place in Scottsdale, Arizona." 

 While the gelato is definitely excellent, the experience comes to fruition  in an effervescent manner  when you combine it with a hot cup of delicious Pascucci coffee this place serves.  It's an Italian coffee, that for whatever odd reason, I haven't seen served anywhere else.    

Often times, many Marriott hotels will serve the Italian brand of "illy"  [Also excellent but not as good as this], but the Pascucci proves to be elusive. 

 Last time I was in Phoenix, I dragged some coworkers on a 20 minute drive to have coffee and Gelato at this location.  With that much hype, you'd think no way this lives up to expectation.  This place did.  

 If you happen to be in Scottsdale, give it a try.  If you're on a diet, put it on hold, and have yourself a giant mound of delicious gelato and Pascucci coffee.   Go with some good friends.  Your taste buds will appreciate it, and for less than 10 Dollars, you can have a slice of some of the best things in life over conversation with a few good friends.
Very good and fun place!
Amazingly delicious and so friendly. Lots of choice, clean, intentive staff, and quick service. Great option on a scorching hot day.
Awesome flavors and friendly place.  Pokket coffee, almond snicker, cookies and cream... Always favorite

Great cakes, too.  In fact, this has been the only place we've gotten cakes for special birthdays and such for quite a while now.  They're good, reasonably priced and right-sized..

Good espresso.

Very authentic, European feeling to the place.

I can't wait to go back and try out their wood-fired pizzas.
The gelato is great, but the pizza was awful.  2nd worst I've ever had. The sauce tasted like very watered down tomato soup, I asked for extra cheese and got very little cheese at all, it was just terrible. They really should just stick to coffee and gelato.
So very, very, very good. I'm staying at a hotel down the street and really wanted pizza for dinner (and also wanted to take a little walk!) so the Gelato Spot it was. When I saw "gelato and wood fired pizza" together on my Yelp app, I knew it was going to be a win-win situation.

I have NEVER seen a place with this many gelato flavors. Holy cow! Any flavor you've ever wanted is here, and I was trying to decide which one I wanted to go with, when I laid my eyes on the sign... for gelato shakes. Gelato? Shakes? Gelato in a shake? I had to try it, and went with the small which meant I got to choose two flavors. Yellow cake batter and cookies and cream, it turns out, make quite a nice pair. They put them both in a blender with milk, and voil! Something tells me I'll be visiting this place later in the week for another genius flavor concoction.

For my pizza, I ordered the marinara, which comes with Di Napoli tomato sauce, fresh garlic, fresh basil, oregano, and Tuscan olive oil. I also added cheese to it. I carried it for about fifteen minutes back to my hotel and I was surprised at how well it held up! The pizza was so good, and the flavors all blended together perfectly. I really enjoyed the thin and chewy crust, and you could tell that the ingredients were high quality.

I hear they have amazing coffee here and I want to try that next time... but if I had to choose one thing from this place, it's the gelato shake. Go try one for yourself and find out!
all i have to say is omg yummy!!!!
I ordered to go - pizza; side salad; triple scoop.  At $25 this was a MAJOR OUCH!!

The food was ready and picked up within 10 minutes.

PIZZA - a soggy mess.  It is a small size by most restaurant measurements in NY style, to pick up a slice whole could not be done without it falling apart.  It obviously wasn't appetizing and flavor wise was a massive BLEAH.

SIDE SALAD - largely consisted of chop lettuce, with two small tomatoes, two carrot slices and some shave cheese added.

Three scoops were packed together in the same container, three very different favors that unfortunately were just okay.

Can't imagine coming back or recommending to anyone.
What? No Malibu-flavored gelato? Well, they do have coconut so yay for me! Everyone is always very nice here, and patient too! Especially when you bring in an indecisive teenager who goes through 20 spoons of sampling. 

Reasonably priced, and the new decor is nice. Miss the old patio, though. It was nice sitting outside in the fall. 

Their wood-fired pizzas are good. But can be hit or miss. Ask them for a crispy crust and it won't be undercooked and soggy like some people complain about. I like the Primavera (Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Arugula, Prosciutto, Olive Oil, Shaved Grana Padano) and the Esotica (Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Fresh Pineapple, Italian Ham, Basil, Tuscan Olive Oil). LOVE IT!! 

If you're thinking of going on a weekend, order ahead online! It will save you time in line and the headache of waiting! Bon appetit!
I really enjoy all the times I have came here. They have great Gelato and so many options. The staff is pretty friendly too, except for yesterday. My friend and I went to get some Gelato and we checked into foursquare. They do this promo if you text to 30364 and type OMG you get a dollar off your bill. I was trying to tell the girl at the register that and she had NO idea what I was talking about, but the girl scanning all the groupon codes or something knew exactly what I was talking about. The girl scanning the coupons didn't stop at all to help her coworker what it was about, but the girl at the register couldn't wait for us to send the text and took the cash and gave the change to my friend. Granted its only a dollar, but the service on their part was awful. All employees should understand what ever social media is going around promoting their restaurant.
Unfortunately, The Gelato Spot loses a star just for it's old town Scottsdale location, but I was prepared to give them a solid 4 stars. As someone who lived in Sicily for years, I am pretty particular about my pizza, and gelato. I must say, the crust was amazing! The ingredients were authentic, and the gelato was top notch. Unfortunately, the service and decore left a lot to be desired. It seems ownership shot their wad on the prime location and wood burning stove, leaving nothing left for a quality staff. All staff members that night were high school girls, who had no concept of customer service. We were exposed to general complaints of having to work, why so and so can be late but they couldn't... on and on. Also, while preparing my gelato, a whole scoop was dropped into another flavors bin, which was quickly scooped up and put back into my container. gross. For authentic sicilian pizza, I give them 2 thumbs up. For all around experience, It was massively lacking.
UPDATE: I was quickly contacted by the owner, who was very interested in my experience, and wanted my opinion on how to better his business. I respect the hell out of that. I am upping my rating to 4 stars. Thanks again!
I love this place the pizza's are outstanding and the Gelato is excellent, look for their groupon well worth a trip !!!
I'm updating this review and bringing them down from 5 stars to 4.

The gelato, pizza, salads, and sandwiches are crazy good, and everyone who works here is very nice.

If you haven't been here recently, it's changed from a place where you could go order pizza or a sandwich at the counter and then sit down to a traditional restaurant where you sit down and order ... but then you still have to get up and order gelato at the counter.

I hear they might be changing it around in the coming months, so I'm not sure if their identity crisis is a good thing or a bad thing.  What I do know is that last night when I came in for dinner it was the worst service I've had there, and I hope it improves.
Fantastic gelato and a fun place to spend some time with friends. Try the mint chip and birthday cake flavors.
This is one of my favorite places to come and enjoy myself. I can come with friends, hang out, 
have some delicious pizza and of course, finish with some gelato. There is a great selection of both pizza and gelato. The staff is friendly and offer samples without hast. Every time I come in Tiffany is bubbly and goes above and beyond here job expectations. It is always great to see that although rare, there are still hard workers out there. Thanks for a great gelato spot!
Coming back home from old town scottsdale we noticed the wood fire pizzeria and gelato place. The yelp reviews were good so what did we have to lose? Pulling into the back they have a pretty good amount of parking for a restaurant in this section of town.

We were greeted by a cheerful cashier and perused the menu of a wide variety of pizza choices, gelato and coffee.  They have a huge selection of gelato in a large glass ounter in the front. It was pretty impressive. It's a bright modern pizzeria inside it appeared from the outside to have an upstairs, but I didn't notice a way to get to it. We grabbed a seat in the outer dining room not noticing it was cleverly disguised out door seating.  I can't really recommend it on unusually cold days in December, but it wasn't too bad.

The pizza guy twirling the crusts on the side counter which was a pretty cool touch.  The food was a pretty good size, came out promptly,  and had a good wood fired crunchy crust with just the right amount of sauce and toppings. 

I'll definitely be back for another pie and try the gelato and coffee.

Try:

- Veggie White Pizza
The gelato at Gelato Spot might be the best this side of the Rio Grande!  So many flavors and so little cardio that I do at the gym... ugh.  The gourmet pizzas are very good too.  I am a fan of traditional (sausage and mushroom with red sauce)... but I have had some of the others too and they are all very good.  My only knock would be that sometimes they don't spread out the sauce and toppings as much as I'd like so there is a lot of crust... and let's face it -- pizza is all about the sauce and cheese and toppings!
"Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, you know? I mean, what if you get one woman, and that's it? Unfortunately, in my case, it was only one woman for her.
Joey: What are you talking about? One woman? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Let me tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing. Cherry Vanilla. You could get them with jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream. This is the best thing that ever happened to you. You got married, you were, what, eight? Welcome back to the world. Grab a spoon.
Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny."

I find myself with a similar conflict at the G spot. And Ross hadn't even begun to explore the world of gelato yet. 

Wood fired pizza AND gelato in the same place should be illegal. There is just way too much happiness occurring all in one experience. And did I mention they are about to have cocktails as well? You know how after you experience your first orgasm, you want to just hide in your room and experience it again and again? Well, that's how I feel about the G Spot. They named it that for a reason, after all.
SO-SO gelato in downtown Scottsdale!

I was in the area of Scottsdale's little art-walk village and needed a little snack. The Gelato Spot sounded really good for an afternoon fix and so I went to check it out with my fellow travelers. Known for their homemade gelato and many flavors, I thought this place was going to be a hit, but unfortunately it was the opposite.

Popular flavors recommended from the employees: Tiramisu*, Chocolate Caramel Brownie*, Almond Snickers and Coffee
(note: * = what I ordered)

- You can order a small, medium or large. 
- Prices range from $3.50-$5.50 per cup. 
- If you order a medium, you can have 2 flavors in your cup. 
- If you order a large, you can have 3 flavors in your cup. 
- Unfortunately, only the small can have one flavor. 

I ordered the a medium and tried the tiramisu and chocolate caramel brownie. The gelato was UBER sugary! I thought gelato was a bit too much in sugar and not enough in the flavor. I sorta kinda tasted a banana flavor in my tiramisu gelato. Not sure if the spoon that was used to scoop my flavor was mixed up with another. The chocolate caramel brownie was rich, but was probably a better choice than the tiramisu. Topped with a triangle cut piece of waffle cone and a cylinder chocolate swirl cookie, you can imagine this is sugar overload!

I did have a chance to sample my grubber's coffee, almond snickers and pistachio flavors. I thought the coffee was the best out of all the flavors I had tried. 

Service was decent. No complaints there. It's nice that you were able to sample the different flavors prior to you making a final decision. 

Parking is within the downtown Scottsdale Art Village area.

Not sure if I'd come back to this gelato spot. And to be honest, I've had better. I do have a sweet tooth, but unfortunately I was not impressed by the over-sweet gelato that was offered. I may have ordered the wrong flavors, but not sure if it's compelling enough for me to come back and re-challenge other items on their menu. I do hope that in the future - they don't make the gelato as sugary as I had during my visit. 

Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #26
How do you not like Gelato? HAZELNUT for the win!
The staff was snobby. It was difficult to locate a menu. They acted like I was inconveniencing them by ordering there. There are no outlets, so not good for studying. They brought me a sandwich, even though I ordered a pizza. Then they brought my pizza, which was mediocre.
Very sweet treats.
This is the best gelato ever! It's really not fair to compare it with any others. We come here every time we come to Spring Training, then we talk about it the rest of the year.
Thanks to a Groupon last year, we found this spot and have visited a few times since then.  Having never been to Gelato Spot, we didn't know what to expect.  We've driven by it dozens of times and it appeared to be a small joint that served Gelato.  When we arrived, we were pleasantly to find a restaurant that offered much more than Gelato.

Menu items we've ordered during our visits:

Spicy Pepperoni Pizza (Di Napoli Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Spicy Pepperoni, Tuscan Olive Oil), $9.50

Classic Pizza (Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Grana Padano, Tuscan Olive Oil), $9.95

Sausage & Peppers Panini (Hot Italian Sausage, Wood Fired Onions, Roasted Red Peppers, Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Tuscan Olive Oil, Grana Padano), $7.95

Grilled Cheese Panini (Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Provolone, Gorgonzola, Fresh Tomato, Hint of Honey), $5.95

Gelato & Sorbet, $3.99 ea
Raspberry
Cookies n Cream
Tiramisu

The Pizzas are by far my favorite menu item.  They're really good.  I didn't expect to find that in a Gelato joint!  The Panini's are ok, the Sausage & Peppers Panini was too soggy.  The Grilled Cheese Panini was good.

The Gelato & Sorbet is awesome.  Raspberry and the Cookies n Cream are my 2 favorite.  You can sample as many as you like before you buy, that's what I like to do! :)

Overall, it's a nice casual restaurant to visit.  It's order/pick up at the counter, limited service, but the food is great.  The worst part about coming here is the parking.  There's a tiny parking lot with a handful of spots in the back of the building.  If that's full, you'll have to park down the street, which isn't very convenient...especially during the blazing hot Summer.

Return Factor - 70%
AWFUL service!  The girls serving gelato had horrible attitudes and kept pushing me off to each other (they openly said they did not want to wait on me and told each other to just have me wait and to help someone else).  Their customer service sucked and on top of it, their gelato was nothing special.  You will never see me step a foot in this place again.
This place has the most amazing Gelato. I have been there plenty of times and I always make sure that anytime I have friends or family visiting that we make a trip. They have plenty of flavors to choose from. 

I was there this past Monday with my sister. We met an employee named Nelson, who was also a fellow New Yorker. After talking to him and experiencing his amazing customer service I can honestly say that this is the type of employee every boss wishes for. Nelson was super friendly and made us feel so comfortable and welcome there. I love leaving an establishment with that feeling. I plan on visiting more often now. Thanks Nelson!
Oh Gelato Spot... whenever I need something sweet and cold, you deliver! We came here after dinner the other night for a sweet treat. I always get the coffee and my husband gets the pistachio - this was no different. The employees were nice, friendly, and helpful. We were quick to get our treats and sat out on the patio. It was a really nice night and we enjoyed the ambiance. The parking lot was also relatively empty, so we were lucky. I've been here before and it was difficult to find a spot. There is a parking garage nearby, but I've never had to use it. Definitely check this place out! This location also does food and coffee/liquor. We'll have to come back and try it for dinner!
Love the gelatos and the pizza. The  ambiance is really good too. I like to sit on the patio and enjoy the food.
OMG!  What a selection of gelato.... Had to taste almost everything.  Service was great, costs very reasonable, and the in house made gelato delicious.  Will definitely be back!
Excellent gelato.  I love that they text you deals and coupons!!
Amazing Gelatto, guaranteed there's a flavor you'll like. Perfect for an after dinner/bar treat with a loved one!!
When we have friends and family in town to visit this is a must do stop.  They will talk about this place and the experience for years to come.  Highly recommended.
Pretty good. Gelato is a little heavy for me but the flavors were all delicious, it was hard to chose. 

They have this charity event that I am not quite sure how it works but they have 3 really great flavors that are in competition but they won't let you mix them. Meaning if you want 2 scoops, one of the scoops can't be one of those 3 flavors. You can get 2 scoops of he same flavor but who wants to do that? I found that odd and annoying but hey it's for charity, I think. 

They offer pizza and salads and have a separate coffee bar. Yep...

I am for sure going back for next months elvis flavor though.
(The most important, and only necessary part of a Yelp review...)

Good food.  Go here. 

You're welcome!
7/27/11

3.5 stars.

Took Mom here for her first visit and tried a couple of gelato dishes**.  The first was a "sundae" that consisted of two mini-scoops of roche and mango, with a chocolate crackle topping and some crushed almonds. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-gelato-spot-scottsdale-4?select=uFQNSuTdlIVr0JknTh8YZQ#uFQNSuTdlIVr0JknTh8YZQ  D'lish!  The second dish was a warmed brownie sundae, with a scoop of bacio gelato (chocolate-hazelnut gelato with chunks of dark chocolate).  Also quite good, but was made too rich with the addition of the chocolate syrup.  (I prefer rich and ever-so-slightly bitter ganache, or hot fudge as a topping, rather than sickeningly sweet and runny chocolate syrup.)  

**I stopped going to Gelato Spot when I noticed I was getting allergy symptoms afterwards (rashes, stomach aches, and worse symptoms, of which I will spare you the details- you're welcome).
This place is my all time favorite for Gelato and Coffee. When I used work in old town I would make my trek down Scottsdale road on foot even on those hot summer days when cars pass you by just to bring excruciating gusts of hot desert air upon your back it was well worth it for their  iced lattes. 

Now I have discovered Affagoto, a large scoop of your choice gelato and fresh brewed espresso poured on top to create a delicious heart pounding  rush of caffeine and sugar. It feels like how one would feel when they fall in love for the first time, but this comes at only a $5 price and you can feel it all over again. 

The staff is great, courteous and very informative in making suggestions. 

Gelato Spot Thank you!
Good pizza.
I've been to Boston and NY and went to every pizza joint and had some of the best pizza I've ever had. This place shocked me when I bit into their Spicy Pepperoni pizza. It literally melted in my mouth. Who would have thought the best Pizza I've ever had was in Scottadale, AZ? I keep coming back. Love it!!
Great staff - super friendly and gave me all the samples I want.
Wonderful flavors - very flavorful, great variety, plenty of specialty flavors.
Comfortable environment.
Slightly trendy.
Priced accordingly.
Most of the staff are friendly... sometime. The rest ... well, not so much!
Love that it stays open late, and car park is right out back.
Love the tiramisu.

Will ride my bike here again, later than soon! ^_~
I have been to Gelato Spot many times in the past and never had a problem. However, my last trip to the Old Town location will be my last and inspired me to open a Yelp account. I ordered a two-scoop and quickly found what looked to be a beard hair in one of my flavors - GROSS. I showed the girl at the counter and she offered to give me a new one, but she did NOT remove the batch of that flavor from the case. I accepted her offer for two completely new flavors, and made it about halfway through (inspecting each bite carefully) when I found YET ANOTHER HAIR. This store needs to reevaluate their quality control. BEWARE.
The variety of flavors is astounding...how do they come up with this stuff?  I haven't had anything bad and the place is adorable...nice if you want a cool after dinner dessert out on the town.
Awesome gelato, awesome location, friendly employees.  I would highly recommend the salted caramel flavor.  My only gripe is the price!  Around $4 for a single scoop, which is quite modest in size compared to some other places.  But now that I know about their promos and text rewards (thanks fellow yelpers) I will be back!
The Gelato Spot has been around for years at this location.  Many restaurants and come and gone, but not this place.  

Overall, I'm not really a fan of gelato and desserts in general.  However an occasional stop in to this place always does a body good.  Plus, I've got great memories here!  Local Chefs offering up their concoction of gelato at this location; which is pretty cool.  However, I'd say stick to cooking and leave the gelato making to the experts haha!  

The place itself is always updating and changing up new concepts.  I noticed a bar now serving up some coffee and an pizzeria upstairs.  In the end, that is why The Gelato Spot has kept up with the times.  Having the ability to evolve into a new restaurant yearly is a plus in my books - Enjoy!
I live near the 32nd Street location, but they don't sell coffee, so I decided to go to the one in old town Scottsdale. I am glad I did, because they have some of the best ice coffee I have ever had. The interior is very nice and clean too.
Good Gelato along with pizza, salads and sandwiches. Expresso & coffee too.
I don't know if they are having an off day today, but my salad was totally screwed up.  

I got my usual salad order to go - the Cobb, with the champagne vinaigrette - with no cucumbers.  What I received was a salad that contained pieces of wilted spring mix thrown in with the regular romaine and spring lettuce, chicken (some pieces grilled perfectly, some burnt), 3/4 cup of cucumbers, bacon, blue cheese, and a warm hard boiled egg.  No Tomato or Chives made it on my salad.  

The wilted lettuce, burnt chicken pieces, and warm egg were a total turnoff.  And picking the cucumber out was a PITA.

I think it will be a while before I return here for lunch.
I've been coming here for years, so it's about time I wrote a review.  The service is great, the location is spacious, and the indoor and outdoor seating options are all really nice.  The best part, though, is the delicious gelatto!  Gelato Spot has the richest, tastiest gelato I've had.

The Bacio flavor is delightful! Chocolate and hazelnut? Yes, please!  Over the years, I've tried almost all of their flavors, and they've all been wonderful.  This is a place where I've gone with friends and family, and everyone is always impressed.
Right on the cup it states " Made fresh daily" Our Gelato was not fresh at all!!! It had a old or freezer burnt taste. Very disappointing!!! Go to Frost in Gilbert for real Fresh Gelato!
Love this place!  My boyfriend and I love it, the Gelato is awesome it is hard to decide on which flavor.   It is the closest I have had to when I was in Italy.Love the gelato but their Italian coffees are great! I have their iced vanilla latte with soy and it is amazing and big!  I took a friend for coffee 15 min before they opened and the staff member was sooo nice said no problem made up the coffees and my friend proceeded to say " I hate You this coffee is so good I wish I lived closer to get it instead of Starbucks".  They added brick oven Pizza and it is very good, smaller than some pizzas but delicious ingredients.  It is very pretty inside and staff is very nice, it is my boyfriend and mine favorite treats. Thanks Gelato Spot :)
It is nice to see that the owner of the place is always on top of things and makes sure the place runs as it should.
Great customer service a the Gealto bar, and great Gelato as well.
Great place to sit (on the patio) and enjoy coffee/gelato with someone, intimately -- if the weather permits. Really pleasant place to chill; music is good to boot!
This is easily the best Pizza in town. Not the usual thick layers of fatty cheese but done northern Italian style, which is much crisper and thinner (and healthier). We didn't even know they do pizza. This place has been known for ice cream for so long. Check it out, we loved it so much we came back within a week.
Great raspberry flavor!
We were about to head to Pizzeria Bianco because we had read rave reviews about it on the flight from San Diego.This place turned out to be very good.The pizzas were a Northern Neapolitan style being a bit crispier and not soggy in the middle.My wife and I enjoyed both of our hand made pizzas very much.Thank you to chef Nicko.We had to try the gelato after eyeballing the huge selection when we first came in.Our gelatos were very,very good.In fact my wife thought hers was the best she had ever had.The service was warm and personal,even the owner's son Tommy popped over to say hello.We are not sorry we chose to dine here while visiting Scottsdale for a few days.
Yes i highly recommend anyone with a fix for gelato to come to this location, fair prices and tons of delicious flavor selections
My go-to ice-cream shop in old-town scottsdale would definitely have to be G-spot. All the staff are very friendly, especially Kristin! Kristin has the best customer service I have seen in the longest time, in any business. She makes it a point to talk to every one of her customers, get to know them, and you actually get to know her. She's not just another server. She is quick on her feet, gets every order right, and makes it a great experience to study, eat, chat, snack, drink coffee anything there! 

Gelato has a wide variety and selection of ice-cream, with all of your favorites in one place: coffee, pizza, ice-cream, beer, home made sangria, real shaved chocolate for your coffee, sandwiches, etc. 

It's trendy, and is a great get-to-know-your-date spot! Awesome atmosphere.

Not enough parking, but that's nothing compared everything else! It's a great spot.
IN A NUTSHELL: Gelato, coffee, food, brick oven pizzas, and was that booze? all rolled into one place!

LOCATION/PARKING: Towards the north end of Old Scottsdale. Easy, but small parking lot in the rear. Wheel chair accessible.

VIBE: Clean, modern, cozy, friendly, trendy without being annoying

GELATO: Pretty great selection!! I loved the Salted Caramel and the New York Cheesecake. 

FOOD: Didn't look at the menu, but the food coming out for other customers looked very tasty! Wish I could have tried a pizza. There's also a coffee bar. And booze?! (I think?)

VALUE: Expected prices for gelato and Scottsdale eats. Nothing crazy expensive.

FINAL VERDICT: Highly recommend this place! I would definitely return!
As on out-of-towner, I discovered this place thanks to Yelp.  What a find!  We came for lunch with our 2 young boys and the staff was so friendly with them.  They have an enclosed porch area for perfect people watching.  The interior looks great for a casual but hip place to watch a game and dive into the thin crust pizza. The sandwiches were  also well-executed.  And the gelato (so many choices) was just as I remembered it at my fave gelato place in Florence, Italy.  I just love a kid-friendly, hip and foodie(esque)place!
If I am craving dessert, this is the place you will find me. I have always had a delightful experience here and have never been disappointed by my treats. The staff is always very friendly, personable, and attentive. I really enjoy the atmosphere here as well, it is modern and clean. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who is craving a quality dessert!
My wife and I, enjoyed the pizza and the gelato... We were there on New Years Eve, the service was great!!!
My hubby and I stumbled upon this place while looking (unsuccessfully) for a different  restaurant in Scottsdale.  Very happy accident!  I lived in Italy for a year and came home loving wood fired pizzas.  These were really good.  Hubby had the BBQ chicken pizza, and I had the Primavera, which has prosciutto and arugula.  We were super pleased with both.  My house salad was also very good.  I had the salted caramel gelato for dessert, which was decadent and delicious at first, and then it got a bit too salty for me.  But, I'm sure many others would love it.  Service was friendly and cheerful, even the gals behind the gelato counter.  We'll be back!
Good selection of gelato flavors, reasonable price. Watch out when there's a crowd though, service can be a little slow.

The buffalo mozzarella is good, but don't expect the pizza to be on par with New York or Chicago.  Still a lot better than dominos or other chains.
An evening out in Old Town is rarely complete without a post-dinner stroll to The Gelato Spot, and I can find absolutely no reason to subtract stars. The location is perfectly central, so it doesn't matter where you had dinner - this is always "on the way" home and always worth every bite. 

Their gelato flavors are mostly standard, although the seasonal flavors and chef-inspired creations have been really impressive. Of course you'd expect a pumpkin gelato around the holidays, but it was so delicious I had a hard time keeping it to one scoop! I have yet to meet a flavor I dislike, but I don't anticipate that happening.  After all, you can sample as many choices as your sweeth tooth desires before committing to just one delicious flavor or combine for the perfect heavanly dessert (if you have room, which I never do). Even their coffee is exceptional and totally hits the spot on cooler winter nights.

The vibe is energetic and laid back at the same time: everyone is just coming here for that near coma-inducing sugary, creamy indulgence and in no rush to end a perfectly enjoyable night. It's incredible that as busy as it gets the staff can maintain so much patience and be so friendly while doling out countless samples. While I haven't tried anything from their lunch/dinner menu, their dessert/coffee/wine are plenty to keep this girl as a regular.
Truly the one true Mecca for gelato lovers in the world.  This restaurant has the most gelato flavors I have ever seen.   If you are in the state of Arizona makes sure you go to this restaurant.  Drive all night if you have to.
Definitely not my first choice for gelato. Taste generic and more like ice cream rather than gelato. Highly disappointed.
This location was great!  We have been to other Gelato Spot locations and they were all good stops, and this one takes it to the next level by adding pizza and other menu offerings to the mix.  We didn't realize that this was something that they offered prior to going, so we had already eaten a regular meal, however, the salads and pizzas that were at the table next to us were a definite temptation to return and give them a go!  

Overall: A 
Same great gelato and service of their typcial spots, but interested in giving the food a try next go 'round!
One of the friendliest staffs I've encountered. They have a large variety of flavors if you're looking for a gelato fix and if you're indecisive like I am, they will help you pick out flavor combinations based on your flavor pallet.
Excellent selection of fine Italian and American flavors in a very nice ambiance. This is a place for winning gelato in a super environment.
There was a Groupon. Not sure why because they couldn't possibly need help selling this awesomeness. It was really really hot outside so it could have tasted like icy cardboard and I would have been happy. It did NOT taste like icy cardboard. This has to be some of the best gelato I've had outside of Italy. If I am ever back in the area, I'm coming here for sure.
I frequent this place more often than I care to admit but with free samples and a great variety of different gelato flavors how could I not? Some common reasons why you might find me in Gelato Spot:

- Holiday
- Bad Day
- Good Day
- Normal Day
- Sunday... or Monday... or Tuesday-Saturday
- I'm sad
- I'm happy
- It's been several days since my last visit
- It's been several hours since my last visit
- Friends are in town
- I wish my friends were in town

... well you get the picture... one of these days I'll try the pizza place as well and I'm sure it won't disappoint
Good lunch & dinner food and great food prices during happy hour, and good choices of vegetarians. I got the Foccacio Chop Salad and thought it was pretty good.  I really liked the foccacio on the bottom - it was quite thin (same as their pizzas) and topped with a delicious oil herb blend. The salad itself was fine, I would have liked more "fat" in it (cheese and avocado), but it was still good. The dressing was a delicious lemon oil/vinegar blend - very light and refreshing without the heaviness/sourness of normal balsamic. My husband had the meatball panini and liked it a lot - great sauce, great meatballs, good wood-fired bread. There are tons of different gelato flavors, for every mood, so it's hard to go wrong there.

The only bad part of the experience was the service. I came in on a Wednesday at 5 and the place was deserted, just 2 other tables with people. I sat waiting for a menu for at least 10 minutes, while politely making eye contact with all of the servers yet no one came over, until I got it myself. Server took a long time to take our order and when the food was done it sat (visible to us) for minutes and minutes. At this point I knew we're in for bad service so I just sat and watched, and I saw one server tell our server that the food was ready but our server kept reviewing receipts from earlier in the day. Eventually the food was brought over, the order was incorrect, and the server takes it back and says to the chef "well she allegedly ordered XYZ". Allegedly...I'm a polite and nice person and sort of expect the same in return. I hope this experience was an anomaly because it seemed the other tables were being waited on well (by a different server) so maybe I just got someone having an off day. If the service hadn't been such an affront after a long day at work, 4 stars.
I went there for lunch yesterday and the service was Awesome and the grilled cheese panini with chips rocked!!! When I'm in the area for lunch, I'll definitely visit again
The parking in Old Town Scottsdale can be at times a challenge. I was able to pull into the back of the restaurant and found parking without an issue. They share a small lot behind the building with the gallery center next door. Each spot has a sign indicating which business the parking is for; SOCA for the gallery and a G for Gelato Spot; and notification that you will be towed if you are not using that spot for the designated business. Upon finding the G spot I parked and we entered the resturant for pizza.
 We were 5 total. When we walked in the girl stated that it would be a second and she would seat us. That was followed a few minutes later by another girl stating that it will be just a second. Then a few minutes later a different girl asked how many in the party. I pointed to all of us and again she asked for the number. I stated 5 and she said that it will be a while as they need to clear a table. Ok. She acted like it would be a long while then followed up it would be 5-10 minutes. We were seating within 5 minutes when they pushed a couple empty tables together.
Once seating a guy came over to take our drink orders. We order and he brought them pretty fast. He then took our orders. 4 total pizzas; very thin crust about 10-12 inches, and two salads. Two pizzas were pepperoni, one from the options, and another was a create your own. So far so good.   Thing went south from here.
 This is just a tip. If you have say 100 seats available then one assumes that you want to fill those. So you have to staff accordingly. Having different wait staff say multiple times that they are really busy not real good. Either they are not experienced enough to multitask and do the job or you are truly understaffed which is a failure on managements part. Whatever the reason it does need to be addressed.
 The waiter came over and brought the salads. They were ok nothing really special. Not really a big fan on mostly white iceberg lettuce, a little more actual green leafs would help. Then pretty quickly the pepperoni pizzas came out. About 5-10 minutes later the "options" pizza came out. A large portion of it had burn crust. Maybe a little too much as neither of the pepperonis had any burnt spots. After about 15 minutes the forth pizza did not come out. The waiter was walking by so I asked him about it. He stated that he would get it, he checked and I guess they messed it up and were to remake it. That was the last he came to the table. There was suddenly a "rush" of people for the Gelato. Our waiter disappeared behind the counter and never returned to our table. I grabbed a waitress who was walking by and inquired as to our pizza. She asked what was on it and went to check. She came back with a pizza. As it was missing some of the items; I would say not the one we ordered. She did a drop and go and put the pizza down and scurried off. So when she did come back about 5 minutes later to inquire about it we stated that it was missing what we asked for however we were eating it anyway.
 At this point we kind of became self sufficient. It was free gelato night with a pizza order so we just got up and got our own. I also went to the "bar" to get my refills on the drinks and also got up to get a box to go. We received the bill and it was dropped and forgotten. We had the credit card displaying for over 10 minutes and no one came by. I walked up to the "bar" to pay.
 So - Because of all of the different mistakes they did take care of a lot. They removed the one pizza from the ticket and also gave a discount. That does mean a lot. The pizza was ok. The late one was cold by the time we got it. The salad below average. The gelato was pretty good. Green ice tea was also good.
Staffing issues needs to be addressed. The waiter who morphed into the gelato server stated that it was actually opposite. He was there to server gelato and helped wait the tables until they got busy in the gelato section. So it appears there was not a pass off to the actual wait staff. Over all maybe a C+. 
Since there are multiple gelato spots in Phoenix and well as wood fire and/or brick oven pizza places doubt I will be back.
Cute little gelato shop not too far from the restaurants and bars in Old Town, great stop after a nice dinner or quick lunch. I've never been disappointed by their vast selection of flavors and my boyfriend loves the little cookies/pirouettes that come with them! Will be back again.
The almond snickers gelato is the most popular. My favorite is the roasted almond with the pistachio gelato. It's a great combination! Get a medium or large cup so you can get more than one scoop and combine flavors! Such as NY Cheesecake and strawberry for a strawberry shortcake flavor!
The pizza and gelato here remind me of Italy. Luckily, now you don't have to get a round trip ticket for some of the same flavors. 

The gelato is creamy but not overly thick. There are plenty of traditional, fun (Girl Scout cookies), and some sugar-free options from which to choose. 

The pizza is almost paper-thin, which may sound weird to people used to thick crusts, but it's very traditional in that regard. Perfect dough, a bit of sauce, light cheese. 

The one thing that fell flat during my visit was the quality of the meatballs. They looked great and the insides tasted wonderful but the outsides were too try and a bit hard. This could've been a simple kitchen issue though. 

Rich's recommendation: they have pizzas with additional toppings but I'd recommend a classic Margherita for your first visit, just to really taste the crust and quality. Explore from there. Salads and sandwiches are also hits and some are offered during happy hour.
I stopped by here for gelato one afternoon, and it was pretty darn tasty.  The guy at the counter was very outgoing and chatty, and gladly let me sample a few flavors.  I went with the Almond Snickers and Almond Joy and enjoyed every fat gram.  Serving size was appropriate for the price.
We've been to this particular location several times now and it's never been a let down!  Went this weekend while they were having an Art Show in the area and cooled off and enjoyed the people watching after walking around for a couple of hours. They have a good variety of flavors for just about every person's taste and they also share the space with a pizzeria that looks like they serve up some pretty tasty food, although we haven't tried that out just yet. 

There is also a bar upstairs that looks like a new addition to the space and would be worth a look when we are back in old town.  We will for sure be revisiting them for gelato anyways!
Great Pizza, great service! Made a large catering order and everything was so fresh and tasty! Will order again!
Great concept: wood fired pizza, wide variety of gelato and a bar in a convenient location.
Firstly, if you haven't had gelato (Italian ice cream), it is better than American ice cream - no explanation necessary, just try it for yourself. Especially from The Gelato Spot, they are the ones that converted me. I've had store bought gelato, and gelato from side kiosks at the mall and what not, but they don't compare.

This is their best location because of the adjoining pizzeria, and structure of the building: larger lot, more seating, nicer everything, etc. 

My favorite flavors are their cake batter and pistachio. They also have plenty of sorbet flavors as well (which keeps the vegans in mind) unlike other ice cream parlors in the valley. If I don't come here once a month I get withdrawals. Experiencing them now, time for a visit!
Good gelato, great location. Not much to say here. Will come back again for lunch and try their pizza.
So fantastically delicious!!! Can't recommend enough. No beer on the patio though. The chocolate car make fudge is to die for. They have plenty of flavors and the price is not bad at all. They also offer other eats
Gelato wa sjust the right amount of creamy and sweet. I really only liked their roasted almond, bacio, roche and hazelnut, though. The olive oil was disappointing but that's why I didn't get it! For ~$5, I thought it was a good deal and well worth it in the Scottsdale heat.
When I arrived in Scottsdale, I drove past this place on the way to my hotel. I knew I had to stop in and try their gelato ice cream. I was pleasantly surprised. They have so many flavors to choose from. I felt like I was in a gelato buffet :). 

I tried several but my favorite two were the cookies and cream and the olive oil. This place is very clean, has a great selection of gelato, and very relaxing and situated in the heart of old town Scottsdale. If you are looking for a cold gelato/ice cream this is your place.
My daughter read about their cakes on their website so when I asked her where I should get her birthday cake she told me that Gelato spot had cakes with buttercream frosting(her favorite), 2 flavors of gelato and 3 layers of cake.  She picked out the two flavors online and I filled out the order form and took it to the store along. Well, they didn't have the flavors she picked out, which were listed online - no mention that you should check availability. So I picked out two other flavors & placed the order. My other daughter picked it up 3 days later. Unfortunately we did not realize until we cut the stupid thing that it was NOT buttercream frosting but whipped cream- which my daughter HATES.  This is 2014 and company websites are now your storefront, so make sure the info is accurate and up to date!! When I called to complain, prior to leaving review here, I was told that there wasn't a manager in the store but they would have him call me back. It is now 5 days later and I still haven't heard from back from anyone.  I gave them a chance to resolve this issue and they blew that too.  WON't BE BACK.
Worst gelato I've had. The salted caramel tasted overly salty and no caramel flavor. The almond snickers had great potential but again, no flavor and more icy than I like. Won't be back.
I really don't like giving bad reviews but for this occasion I must. I have always visited there camelback location and have always been satisfied. When I found out about this location I was very excited since it's very close to my job. I walked in during lunch hours it was pretty empty to my surprise. I bought my gelato and had a seat there. This gelato spot is actually in a restaurant so whole I was there I decided to try the pizza. Unfortunately, it took forever for anyone to even offer a menu I had to get up and ask for a menu. While I was there the cook making the pizzas kept starring at me like I was a piece of meat I felt very uncomfortable. One of the waitresses (I did not get her name but she was a brunette) went over by him and both started talking and both looked back at me as if they were talking about me. The blonde waitress was very nice though and noticed I was in a rush to get out of there. I don't think I would ever go back here.
So we're in Arizona and it's a cool...110 degrees and our friends suggest the Gelato Spot and boy, were we pleased! The NY Cheesecake gelato was amazing!! The have so many flavors that it was hard to choose one. I would highly, highly recommend this one with or without a groupon!
I was recently in Scottsdale for a conference and on the way out we stopped by this place. The name is misleading, they do have gelato, but they have so much more. Their pizza is fantastic. I had the buffalo pizza which is margherita pizza with buffalo mozzarella. I also tried the proscuitto crudo pizza which was perfect. This place is a win. Oh yea their gelato ROCKS!! I am a fan of pizza, gelato and really everything in the italian cuisine. I'm already looking forward to another trip just to eat.
Gelato Spot has great tasting food. Service is really great as well but I am a bit thrown off by the fact that I actually liked it being an order at the counter kind of place. Every time I go I order the cobb salad which is so amazingly delicious! This past weekend I gave the focaccia chop salad a shot. so simple and refreshing and I wish my homemade salads tasted that great. 

the focaccia at the bottom of the salad got so well covered in vinagrette that I just could not stand not eating every piece. Just go, enjoy it, pig out on some gelato after. Simple, good food
Yummy!  Chea took very good care of us.  We are visiting family here and will definitely go back when we return.
Best gelato ever!! I've tried many gelato places and nothing compared to this!! You can taste the authenticity!!
I stayed at the Venetian last year when I visited Las Vegas and we stopped in here for breakfast, a quick breakfast at that...fruit, croissants, and coffee.  It was full during breakfast time so we got our food to go.

I stayed at the Mirage this year and wandered back over to this place as we were looking for a nice sit down place.  We opted to sit "outside" and enjoy the ambiance here.  The day before we got a menu to check out and decided to go back.  A sit down breakfast isn't cheap in Las Vegas but this place was reasonable.  I had a bacon egg, and cheese croissant sandwich with a side of potatoes and coffee - it was about $15 or so.  

If you're staying in the hotels in the area, don't overlook this place, it's located by the canal shops.
After enduring a grueling time share presentation for 4 hours, our bribery package included a free dinner to this place. I had the penne and DH had the lasagna. We both chose to go with the soup for the first course, which was a veggie barley. This soup had absolutely no flavor. If there was a picture in the dictionary, this soup would go next to the word BLAND. Also, when we asked for regular water, our waitress said still water... not sure what that meant but we said regular water. She brought out water in a glass bottle. After drinking some, I looked around and saw others getting their water by the pitcher. When I brought this to her attention, she said no problem and took the special water off our bill. My reason for 2 stars is that if you order wine, they only fill it less than halfway and there is better food to be found in Vegas!