How come there are no decent super- or not-so-supermarkets west of ASU?  I really don't desire shopping at Circle K for my dinner of potato chips and beer.  However, I did spy this little Japanese market and descended on it like a displaced Asian American surviving in a state with an Asian population LESS THAN the national average of 4%!

Alas, since I had recently stocked up at Lee Lee, I was disappointed at the selection here.  Sure, they have a nice selection of sake and sauces, as well as other Japanese munchies (soy crackers and hyper-packaged candies), they didn't have any meats or produce!  Don't tempt me with bags of frozen gyoza and a freshly made $3.99(!!!)  unagi rice bowl when I'm trying to learn how to cook from scratch.

This may very well be a meeting place for Japanese Tempians, as they have a fairly active corkboard with messages both in Japanese and English.  They also have a bookshelf of Japanese language videos and mags, but its no Kinokuniya Bookstore.  Ah, San Francisco, I still miss you much!
Love at first sight!  Fujiya has come to my rescue so many times!  If you ever go carb-free, they have these amazing yam noodles you can buy in the refrigerated section for less than $3.00.  They are not open on Monday's or most holidays, so watch out!  The sushi, when they have it is the BEST.  Ok, I am not exagerrating--The Best.  They wrap the rolls tight, and the sushi's only made in early afternoon.  What they make is all they put out, so you know it's fresh.  The fish balls (rice triangles with stuffing inside and seaweed outside) are so delicious I could live off of them, in tuna, salmon or plum stuffing.  They also have a pretty wide variety of teas (both in boxes and in the bottles in their refrigerated section.)  The candy aisle is also a blast.  I bring something new and exciting back to the office on every trip (i.e. chocolate mushrooms or hazelnut flavored tree stump-shaped candies.)  There are also movies to rent and little toys and trinkets for sale.  The service is also very friendly and professional.  They don't serve alcohol, but they do sell bottles of it.  You can't stay there and eat, but I would drive 50 miles for this sushi!!!
A nice little Japanese grocer.  They were helpful and made some great product recommendations.
Best Feature: Bento

Fujiya is noticeably different from most Japanese establishments in Arizona in that it's owned and run completely by Japanese.  As such, they run the place like a real "conbini" in Japan.  As you enter, all of the workers great you with an "Irraishaimase" and you can peruse the isles filled with certain things you can't find in the Japanese section of LeeLee (Like Gabunomi and Qoo).

The place reminds me of the Nijiya chain in CA.  The Bentos are pretty much the best in the area.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Best value sushi in town. 

For only $6 and some changes, I got a bowl of sushi with 4 different kind of fish, a few squids, and fish eggs. What a bargain! The fish are in thin slices, and arranged beautifully. Well prepared rice with a bit of seaweeds. Served cold but not chill is another plus. 

The only downside is wasabi in a package. On well, it is still sushi in a takeout bowl after all.
Small, but well stocked.  All of the Japanese basics are here.  It's nice to have a local Japanese grocer and not have to resort to an Asian-Mega-Mart.  There's not a lot of fresh produce, but great frozen and dry goods options.  I'll have to try the prepared food sometime.  They were sold out for the day by the time I went in the afternoon.
This place is overpriced but given that it's the only market that sells real Japanese goods within the Tempe area, I guess you have the ability to charge whatever you want.  

What I do like the best about this place are the authentic Japanese treats (like dango and an-pan)!
This place and New Tokyo Market are the only Asian places I've found so far in Arizona that's really JAPANESE.    The store is pretty small but has enough things to stock up your pantry until your next trip to L.A.  

*Cosmetics/Bathroom = ok selection
*Rice = several kinds
*Snacks = plenty
*Dried stuff = plenty (Curry, Dried Seaweed, etc)
*Frozen stuff = good amount (Natto, Udon, Ramen, Tsukemono, etc)
*Drinks = good selection of Japanese soft drinks

The one complaint I have is that they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.  You can find them in other markets like Asiana market or Lee Lee's.
Instant lunch - pick up some excellent Sushi, or Beto Box lunch, along with Green Tee Ice Cream - instant picnic!  Quick and Easy!  I've enjoyed everything that I have picked up there.

Can't testify to the rest of the store as I've only done lunches from there - the people that work there are all very nice - definitely feels like a traditional Japanese store.
3-stars might seem a little low for a place that holds so dear to my heart but I assure you it's accurate.

Fujiya has been the best Japanese-only market I've found to date in any city, they have items I would have never dreamed to have found elsewhere!

While my friends constantly recommend places like Lee-Lee's and other Asian market's assuring me they have such neat Asian delicacies I adamantly refuse to stray from Fujiya knowing nothing can compare to the rare finds and fresh lunches they prepare.

There are unfortunately downsides to Fujiya Market, one being the hours of operation, I believe they normally close at around 7pm almost every day of the week.
I don't know what kind of person can get off work at 5pm and make it down to University & Priest on a weekday (not to mention friday) to still comfortably shop at Fujiya.

The only other downside to Fujiya and this being the largest problem I've noticed for the past ~4 years is the uncomfortable setting non-asians receive when shopping around.

I understand a large fan base of this Japanese market is annoying young anime watching teens but it seems to me that they don't prefer non-japanese speaking customers in general.

I receive no customary greeting when entering the store (as stated by Dan B.) and it is as if every time I go to ring up my incredibly large order of random Japanese foods the person at the till is sighing at me. This is more than a one time fluke as I've been a long time and most docile shopper here at Fujiya. 
So unfortunately 3 stars is all I've seen fit for this traditional Japanese Market. apologies for the long review!
For being a smaller store they have real good prices. Unlike some of the smaller asian stores here in town where they charge a lot. Fujiya is always stocked up with great items and is always clean and doesn't smell like some other stores. The staff is friendly and always helpful. The cashier girl is cute too!

They have the cheapest price for my favorite Japanese candy, only 0.69 for hi-chews!!!
the Bento boxes are awesome, as well as the cheap sushi.
the yakiniku is by far my fav, next to the Spam onigiri.

: D
I live in Scottsdale, and I really love driving down to this little japanese market-  I should also mention next door is a Japanese bakery that has mostly European style miniature cakes and mousse's alongside some traditional sweets!

The supermarket isnt too big- but has a lot of stuff food wise going on! Various types of soy sauce, mirin, ponzu, wakame, nori, fresh miso pastes(FROM JAPAN!) , mushrooms, udon noodles, fishes, pre-made frozen foods and some packaged food, wide variety of snacks and sweets! They really dont have a fresh/veggie section of the market which is a shame- would really enhance the store! 
They also in the late morning/early afternoon make lunch meals to go! Where can you get a chirashi with salmon, tuna, squid, surf clam, salmon roe and albacore for UNDER $7 !!! Its quite the steal and I love their Unagi dish, that eel sauce drags me in every time.
I should also mention many of the items have no english text written on them, so it might be a good idea to ask- I had to get some help with buying miso paste, red, white, aged, mixed?! ALL FIT well in my belly :)
I wish this place was a TAD bit closer, but worth driving to get my japanese food staples.
I just moved here from Chicago where there's a huge Japanese community, so I was fairly surprised at the collection of goods sold here since there doesn't seem to be quite as large a group of Japanese people in Tempe.  The store is pretty spacious, and they sell the basic foods one would miss if from Japan like curry, udon, ramen, ochazuke, etc  They also sell some housewares and rent out a small collection of videos that have current Japanese tv shows recorded on them.  The prices are basically the same as where I'm from (which is slightly more than I'd like to pay), but that can be expected seeing as most things are probably shipped from Japan.   Still, the people are nice, the goods are plentiful, and the prices are sort of right, so I'll be back.
I Love LOVE this place- and while I currently live in Chicago next to the Baron of Japanese Markets- Mitsuwa, I love this place even more. Although it is not as large as Mitsuwa and doesnt have the same variety, service is spot on and the prepared foods are delicious!!

I ended up buying a nigiri plate, and an unagi dish served on rice!
Good selection of dry goods, personal care products, and household items in a smaller Japanese market. I just moved here after living in Asia so glad that this market is so close to my apartment. I'll try the sushi next time. But I did check out the sake selection. That was nice too! I do yearn for fresh fruits and veggies there, but I'm still a fan. Nice smiling guys working there too.
absolutely love fujiya market
while i am not proficient in my reading of kanji characters
i usually just let my stomache dictate what im gonna buy
and you just cant go wrong here
the bento boxes are made fresh daily, and you never know what they're gonna have
the sushi is phenomenal and also made fresh daily
i love the ease and affortability this market offers
anyone and everyone in the greater hipster compton area should patronize el mercado de fujiya!
this a really great market, and they whip up some really fresh and cheap bento boxes, teriyaki bowls, and nigiri.  if you're going for the bentos, they are limited quantity and can sell out early... plan ahead!

this is a great little family owned business with quality products for a cheap price... support their business!
Definitely a big fan of this place. The bento box is a ton of food and comes out to just over $7.00 with a drink.  The sushi that comes with the meal seems very fresh and this place is hard core Japanese. Case in point, see how many times the guy behind the counter bows while you're talking to him.  I will definitely be back!
Great market; love the bento boxes.
Okay the selections are limited.
Good spot to go to when I'm in Tempe.
wish I could give this place more stars but the shelves here are pretty much always empty and out of stock items take sometimes as long as three months to get back in stock, no kidding...The staff is usually apparently unaware that you have entered the store or way to cool to be friendly-even my Japanese wife feels uncomfortable coming in this place...
Tiny little store, somewhat reminiscent of the stores in the Kinokuniya building of Japantown, San Francisco.  What really made me fall in love with this place was the sight of my favorite brand of frozen takoyaki!  Selection in general is limited, and they ran out of a few items when we were there, but this is still a great place to get Japanese items.
Ok the first time I came here, I was very disappointed in the selection of items, especially after reading previous review. BUT, then I realized that I went at a bad time, it was the end of the day and they sold out of everything! I recently went back at the store opening time and a lot happier with the market. They sell freshly made bentos, made in house, and they are perfect for microwaving at home or in the market for a cheap and satisfying meal. The key is to get there early, bc they are limited and run out quick, but they have a good variety of bentos.

One draw back is that it is smaller than expected, so if you come from a place like SoCal, where Japanese markets were like large grocery stores with mini stores and restaurants located inside, you might not be too happy.
I wish Fujiya was closer to me now that I'm no longer a student at ASU.  The best bento boxes and rice balls (onigiri).  Plus they have my favorite brand of milk tea (kirin), it's not cheap, but what Japanese thing is?  Totally worth it by the way.  Everyone should go and try it.

Don't expect this place to carry everything you'd want (it's pretty small), but it has most of the basics and even some things that other places don't carry.
Not sure what it is about Japanese food - but I seriously love it - Sushi, Teriyaki... yum.   I come here to get the Bento boxes that are made everyday.  There are fish, chicken, and combination Bento boxes.  It's a relatively cheap lunch - like $4 for a small Bento and $6 for a large one.  It's high quality food for the price.
This is a very neat little place! Small, but nice. They have a good selection and it's easy to browse. I picked up some mochi ice cream... delicious!
Yay for Fujiya Market! 
Tiny market tucked away in a corner, but worth the drive. I had no idea it existed until recently (yay to Yelp!). Since moving out here, I miss my Japanese ingredients, Japanese candies, anything Japanese (including shampoos & conditioners). That being said, it is a small market so the selection is somewhat limited, but it's better than any other place I've found in "the valley." 
An added plus: you can get (for good price) a quickie meal (bento box, katsu-curry, etc). And it tastes Japanese (as opposed to having an "Americanized flavor")... you can tell it's authentic. This place has saved me on many occasions when I didn't feel like cooking and just wanted a premade meal.
Only place I've found in the valley to get a variety of sushi grade fish so that's a huge plus in my book.
In Tokyo, this would be considered a very large location  with a very small inventory.

In Tempe, I consider this a family-owned Japanese QuickieMart.  It's a convenience store with Japanese fare.  Prices are very high and selection is very low.

The fresh produce as touted by several is disappointing.  

If it's a Japanese QuickieMart you are looking for, this is it.
The selection has gone down here :( and that totally makes me and the hubs sad, cuz there are certain things that we liked getting here, specifically. We hope certain items will come back. 

I like this store because the things we do buy here we can't find elsewhere. I also like the variety and quality here. Rice varieties, eggs, nato, other Japanese foods (don't know they names of - sometimes I just try new things from the fridge ;)), etc. I know that they choose quality stuff here, so even though we are a bit far, we'll make the drive out!

The bento boxes are also delish! This is pretty much one of the few places where you can get bento boxes with the selection it comes with, so we enjoy it when we can! Tried pretty much most of them. Can't really go wrong, but if your picky, sorry... you're missin out!

Service is good. They employees are always helpful. Thanks!
one of the best places for sushi, bentos, and green tea. I've been a regular customer for more than 10 years. I don't know how they keep their prices so unbelievably great for the excellent quality they provide.
Quite a far drive for me, but worth the trip! The onigiri here is amazing!
They have a selection of interesting items but when I went it seemed that the shelves were quite empty in the dry grocery section.
There was a lot of stuff in the refrigerated section, especially in the drink cooler.
I didn't get to try them, but the bento boxes looked amazing.
They have a cute little dining area where you can heat up anything you buy and sit down and eat it.
The staff was very helpful and nice! They told us about getting free onigiri by simply liking them and checking in on Facebook!
I'll definitely be coming back for more!!
My Japanese teacher recommended Fujiya because it's hard to find onigiri in Arizona. From its location and description, I was expecting more inventory. Their candy selection alone is mediocre at best. They don't even carry the most popular of brands. A good 1/4th of their shelves were so barren that I almost wondered if Fujiya is going out of business. I would at least think that an effort would be made to distribute what they sell in a more appealing way.

They did have what I was looking for, though - onigiri/obento. Unfortunately, a lot of the food in the bento was tsukemono. Still, it's a store worth a visit once in a while if the drive isn't as far for you as it was for me.
Okay, just got back recently from two weeks in Japan and was craving some of the food one can get in a Japanese convenience store, of which there are many in Tokyo. Stopped in on my way home from work and while not the selection one would have in Japan some wonderfully reasonably priced bentos (about $4), and rice balls, including one with my beloved salty plum paste, and as I grew up in Hawaii, I was happy to pick up the last remaining spam musubi they had in the fresh food area! 

As someone else noted, a lot of space but not that much inventory but hey, I'm happy just to be able to pick up a bento and and I'm going to come here a lot as it is not only authentic but it does not break the bank. If you like Japanese food, good place to stop. I am sure you will find something worth buying! :-)
This store is a poor excuse for a Japanese market. They have a horrible selection, the prices are beyond outrageous and the customer service is a joke. I am disappointed to learn that this is one of the few Japanese markets in town. I'll drive to Marukai/Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa, CA before I spend another dime here.
I grew up eating bentos since I'm from Hawaii and I was thrilled to find this store. The bentos here are delish!! You do have to come early to get them tho since I believe they do run out quickly. I once stopped in during the mid afternoon and they were all sold out.  Now I usually stop by around 11 am.  

The store inventory is pretty low but I don't really care since I just come here for their bentos and aloha maid drinks.
Get there around 11 and grab some bento boxes! They're great!
Each Saturday, there's a limited serving of Japanese noodles from ramen to udon to whatever. It's fresh and authentic. I have eaten ramen all over Japan, SoCal, NorCal and throughout the world. Trust me on this!

So this place is not a restaurant, by the way. It's actually a small grocery market that they set up some plastic chairs and tables in the corner of the store. You can actually buy bento boxes or other food items or drinks and sit down to enjoy it. It's a local Japanese grocery store!

Ok, but back to the ramen/udon. Each week, you can check on their facebook page for the noodle bowl of the week. You come in and order and there's really small staff in the back preparing your food. Everyone in there is Japanese and speaks Japanese. I actually sat with these two old Japanese ladies that came in for ramen and we talked about Japan and AZ when they first got here in the 1960s. That was awesome.

Like I said before, it gets pretty packed and they run out of noodles usually in an hour. Come early and eat the delicious food. You can walk over to the freezer and buy yourself a Japanese drink too. Afterwards, you can go next door to the Japanese bakery and get dessert.

There's really no other place like this in the Phoenix area so come try it out.
This place isn't bad. I was torn between 3-4 stars.

The people working here are really polite and helpful.
The lunch boxes are pretty good, not something to kill for, but I'd rather go here than to some of the Japanese restaurants in Phoenix. If you're looking for something good, but don't have time to sit and order, this place is a great place to go to.

The selection of dried and frozen goods is pretty standard, not all of it is from Japan, I was super disappointed that the black mushrooms were all from China.

Things I found here that I liked:
-cups made in japan
-snacks from japan
-artwork and clothes "designed" by residents in arizona
-pretty good selection of dried and canned goods
-really polite staff

There are some awesome finds here, but don't count on this market to to blow you away; keep expectations low and you'll be surprised and happy when you leave.
Fujiya Market is a great place if you want authentic Japanese products and ingredients. Their selection is pretty ample given the store size and they are always in stock. A few items rotate in and out sporadically so that would be my only complaint.

There's not much to say when it comes to a market, but Fujiya goes above and beyond by providing an assortment of bentos for shoppers. Best tip would be to go when they open since there is a bigger selection. Another thing that makes my stomach happy is that almost every Saturday, Fujiya sells ramen and it's probably one of the best things to start out your Saturday with.

And when you're done with that, one can head right on over to Arai Pastry next door for some desserts.
Adorable little market with a good selection of things. Candy, snacks, food type items, and pre-made lunches. The workers there are very polite and helpful. And yes, if you were wondering, they *do* have Redbean pastries in the freezer, "Taiyaki" YESS!!
I like that they have Japanese bento style meals.
Their lunches are delicious, authentic, and inexpensive. I've stopped in around dinner time and picked from what was left of their bento selection. It still tasted fresh hours later and it was discounted for clearance from an already excellent price. Their onigiri was tasty and very filling for an item that cost just over a dollar. According to the cashier, the chefs make the dishes in a certain order: bento boxes are prepared at 11:30 AM and the rice bowls are made around 12:30 PM. So, keep that in mind if you're stopping in for lunch. 

As for the market portion, the selection was quality but not extraordinarily large. It fit my needs as far as far as miso soup, nori, and mochi ice cream went. Definitely carries some hard-to-find items for reasonable prices, but it's a bit limited as far as markets go. Small produce selection, frozen/packaged meat selection was small in itself, didn't note any fresh meat. Good for treats and snacks that you can't find elsewhere, but don't go in expecting too much for home cooking supplies.

All in all, Fujiya Market will definitely become a regular lunch and treat stop for me. Can't wait to try their unagi bowl, especially since it seems so rare in even upscale local Japanese restaurants!
The market is perhaps okay.  It is however very tiny.  I was not that impressed.  Did not buy anything as I did not see anything that I wanted.
Two places I go to almost 2-3 times a week they add right next door to each other. One place serves traditional Japanese style ramen, this ramen is really good, I mean really good. So good they only serve a limited amount of bowls!!!! 30-40 bowls and once they're out they're out... Fresh noodles, fresh meats, and fresh veggies all in one bowl. And the broth oh my gosh the broth!!! Flavorful and tasty. It's all located in a small Japanese market family owned. I also do some of my shopping there when I have time. They have Japanese candy and other good snacks, Japanese beer, saki and wine as well. They pretty much have it all if you know what to look for from Japanese mayonnaise to fresh horse radish. They even have natto which is a fermented Japanese soy bean that smells and taste like feet but is so good for you, it is an acquired taste.  

The place next door is a Japanese bakery, they serve great sweets, cakes, pies, shakes oh my. And fresh bread baked daily. Speaking of the bread they serve some of the best Japanese sandwiches I've ever tasted. The beef sukiyaki is my meal of choice, they also have matcha cakes which is really hard to find in Arizona they fact that they make this blows my mind. And the owners are so kind, so polite and so friendly I only wish I found this place out sooner.
No need to make the trip over but they have good lunch boxes (bento). The sauce was a bit sweet.  The prices are reasonable and the chef cares about his food.  Now on Saturdays they only serve about 30 ramens only at 11:30am.  He peeps them one at a time.  So it's not quick service.  The chef will prepare only one kind that day.  They set up tables so you can eat there.  If you're in the area stop by but if not no need to make a trek over.
After reading all the glowing reviews about their ramen, we had to check it out. We arrived on time and were #11&12. They only had 30 bowls that day. It's not your regular restaurant atmosphere, it's more of small grocery store with a side kitchen. 
We had the soy based ramen and while the noodles were delicious, the soup( which I think is one of the most important part of ramen ) was too salty. There was only 1 slice of pork and not enough toppings for my liking. Not bad for $6 but I expected more.
I spent some time in Japan so I go here when I need a fix.  I stock up on the canned coffee and grab a couple of bentos.  Everything is authentic Japanese so it's like being back there again.
They have a decent selection of pantry staples but I'm giving this place 5 stars for having really well made bento and for carrying the Japanese version of the Choco Taco, the Morinaga Monaka. (Which is way better)

For the bento I had the tempura eel bowl and the nori bento. All rice bowls seem to have more food then you think and eating just one $4 bowl left me pretty full in combination with a curry bun from Arai next door. I didn't think cold fried food could be good but these bento bowls have turned me into a fast convert. Can't wait to try the sushi next.

I'll be back for sure whenever I want some well made bentos that range from a very sensible $4-$8.

Hopefully one day this place will grow into a Nijiya sized market for Phoenix.
I like visiting ethnic stores and being amused with authentic foods they carry. Fujiya Market is small grocery with Japanese foods and bright (tacky?) magazines. It has little Japanese community corner. Worth a visit.
Checked their hours online & called to verify *for that day*. Drove 45 minutes to their store only to see a sign that read, "Be back in 2 hours." Absolutely absurd! Thanks for wasting my time & not informing me of this on the phone.
Really nice Japanese Market.
Everything very fresh and nice.
Only negative is slightly limited selection, I was missing a few products I couldn't find.
Prices are very reasonable.
Highly recommend.
This place is great! The store its self is a little run down, lacks some merchandise, and is overall fairly bare; however, I didn't go there for snacks or ingredients! I went there for the meals they make fresh daily and man was I impressed! They had a variety of Bento boxes, onigiri, and even a sushi bowl! I finally found a place that makes authentic Japanese food, that's super inexpensive, delicious, and fresh! The Bento box was around $3.50, onigiri around $1.50, and the sushi bowl I believe was around $5. They don't have a ton to choose from but, what they do have I great! I went last Saturday and I have gone 3 times since! They also have a pretty good selection of Japanese drinks, candy, and snacks. Oh! There is also a cute little Japanese bake store next door and trust me I will be trying that out today! If you're looking for delicious, affordable, Japanese food this is the place to go! I highly recommend it!!
I love their riceballs! Get there early before they sell out!
Had Tonkatsu Ramen here on Saturday, not as good as when I was in Tokyo, but I missed this king of soups so much! The grocery store is great, with quality Japanese goods that are hard to get in Arizona.
Get their (salmon) bento boxes and their onigiri! I frequent this place a lot due to my current living arrangements, so I have seen their off and on days. It's great to go here when they are all stocked up for a quick lunch and a drink. Their inventory is pretty lack-luster but I feel like what they do have is good quality. 

In regards to the food, everything is super fresh and made with care! The people who work there are very polite. They have small and large bentos with a nice variety of home-made goodness.  The only thing I wish is if I could customize a pre-ordered bento a little bit. I understand that Fujiya is not a restaurant in regards to customization, but if it was, I would be a serious patron. The price for this surprisingly filling box is worth going to, if  you live near by. 

They need to make this operation bigger.
We've visited here twice from Denver, and each time I wish we had a shop like this near our home. It's fun to browse, and my son always finds good cookies (TimTams or the British imitator called Penguins) or snacks. I'd love to try some of the home-prep items and may figure out a way to do that. 

I nearly bought a Shandy Bass this trip (Bass ale mixed with lemonade, a traditional drink, go figure) but didn't because I couldn't drink it right away and couldn't keep it cold. Next trip perhaps. How can you pass up a thing that interesting and unusual? 

The owner is helpful and accommodating, and I'm fairly sure she'd order you things she doesn't carry if you can return to get them.

This is a great break from the casinos and an easy-to-find location on Decatur. From the south, go west on Tropicana past The Orleans casino and turn north (right) on Decatur. Proceed north to the 3400 South block. The shop is in a strip mall on the west side of Decatur. It's usually open from 10 to 6 or a little later.
My wife and I found this in the local newspaper's best of LV for 2007.  I'm glad we did.  It was the second to last thing we did on our lastest trip to Vegas, and it was a fun little place.  The owner was super nice and talked our ears off the whole time.  Unfortunately we were travelling about 3 hours after our stop, so we couldn't really get any of the frozen or other foods, but they do carry Mars Delight, which is only the greatest candy bar on the earth.
This is a great little shop, I was very excited to find out about it, as it's pretty hard to come across British stuff in most parts of the country I've lived in.  They have quite a decent selection, but then again I'm mostly just interested in the sweets, chocolate, and that kind of yummy stuff from there.  I was able to get some delicious, authentic Cadbury chocolate and some of Mr. Kipling's pies, very yummy! I plan on going back again and getting some more stuff to try.  The lady working was very nice and helpful too, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they offer to try and find it for you.
We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
Vegas Express Sushi (VES) can be found all over Vegas.  They are usually the supplier for premade sushi at supermarkets and the like.

However, there are a handful of locations that will make some basic sushi items for you on the spot.  Mind you, this isn't a place to sit and dine, but rather to order and go.  They don't offer anything fancy in terms of a sushi bar to view the goods either.  Their menu is simple and to the point.

At this particular location, they also sell alkaline water and Filipino goods.  Yes, their specialty is water and Filipino items from the dried, canned or frozen.  We were pleasantly surprised with all the different items that had stocked in this little market.  I'm sure there's a markup versus visiting Seafood City, but it saves you the gas money in this case.

Nonetheless, it's your local water source, Filipino grocery store, and take out sushi joint.
I love that they are nearby and have 10ph high alkaline water. I refill two 5-gallon bottles at a time. The only problem is I've tried to go there in the morning a couple of times and they were not open even though their neon open sign was blinking, Maybe this is meant for their water dispensers outside the store. I am without water right now and I'm thirsty. 

Besides being a water store, they make the sushi for the local grocery stores. I've not ordered from here but that's because I'm not a fan of the grocery stores sushi. One day I will give it a try, just to try and I'll update my review with how that goes. But as you can tell by my tone, I'm not expecting much. It's better to have low expectations and then be blown away right? :P
A friend and I have joked around about trying this place for some time. The combination of a water and sushi store, just sounded odd. Yes, fish do live in water, but I never thought about these two items to be the main products of a business.

We had went to Sam's Club before in an attempt to buy groceries to cook dinner. By the time we had finished doing errands, it was getting late. Passing on everything except salad ingredients we trekked to another store and found nothing. Guess it was time to stop messing around and finally try this place. When we got there, the lady running the shop was walking to the door. We found out later that they closed at 7:00 and we had got there at 7:15. Instead of kicking us out, she didn't even mention anything. Throughout our browsing of the store, she was patient. The shop is a basic convenient stop for Asian products with an emphasis on Filipino items.

The sushi was surprisingly delicious. We got a tray of Inari (sushi rice stuffed tofu skins), Seaweed Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, and a mixed plate. All of this came out to $20. On our drive home, I opened the tofu wraps and they were warm and flavorful. For a quick bite, made on the spot, it is a good alternative.
This was my local alkaline water place but I have since started home delivery of water. But when I did come here, Jennifer the lady that owns and runs the place is always really friendly and helpful. 

Their standard is alkaline 8 water but they sell a alkaline 10 at a premium. Can I tell the difference between the two? No, but the way I see it is that for the cost Of a bottle of water at the store, I can get a gallon of the alkaline 10 so it's worth it. 

Good water is great for you especially with the tap water we have here in las vegas.
Ok, so I'm checking out the reviews here and the 1 facade photo of this place and I'm thinking, no thanks.  But I "accidentally" came across Vegas Express Sushi because they supply Glazier's market with sushi... and they are GOOD.  Their takeout sushi is superior to the dried out crappy stuff you can buy at Vons or most gocery/deli stores.  Their cooked rolls compare to the ones you can buy at Costco, and their raw nigiri is very fresh.  For the price, you are definitely getting the next best thing to stepping in a sushi joint.  Also, they have awesome large party platters!  I'll be posting photos of their takeout and menu this weekend. (FYI, this is a takeout place with a small Asian grocery, not a restaurant with seating.)
My husband and I came here a week ago to buy some sushi but they were closed. An employee was still inside the store so my husband tapped on the door to get her attention. She let us know that they were closed BUT she let us know that they make the sushi daily for Glazier's, which is right up the street (Warm Springs & Durango). Thankfully, we drove up the street and brought home some delicious sushi. I HIGHLY recommend their sushi. Whether you get it directly from the store or Glazier's.
Love this place because it's very convenient for me to buy spices I need for cooking. And the owner is very friendly. She's really nice!!! The sushi is not bad at all. Freshly made.
I can be somewhat of a procrastinator at times, and last week was one of those times.  I needed to make sushi for an important demonstration I was having in front of 20 people, but didn't get around to doing it.  The DAY OF my demonstration was when I decided to scramble and find some place that could cater the sushi for me.  I found Vegas Express Sushi on Yelp and wasn't sure if I should go through them because the pictures posted doesn't show a very "sushi-making type of place".  However, their largest platter was at a reasonable price which beat the other places I had called.

I decided to call and spoke with an older woman (I really wish I got her name).  She was VERY polite and assured me that she could have my platter ready and made in an hour and a half (I needed it in two).  Forty minutes later, she called me back and let me know that it was ready for pick up!

When I got to the store, I was even more surprised because the pictures on Yelp depict the store exactly!  It looks like a liquor/convenience store.  However, when she realized I was there to pick up my platter, she QUICKLY disappeared into the back of the store.  Before my nerves could unsettle themselves, this woman came scuttling back while carrying a GIANT sushi platter with much more than what I had ordered, and a GIANT smile on her face.  She rang me up, the whole time describing what was inside, how she made it, and how grateful she was that I had ordered.  I could tell that this woman was very proud of what she does there and very grateful for the customers she receives.  I took a closer look at the platter with her and it was beautiful!

Oh, and as for quality of the food itself, well...
When I got  to my demonstration the ENTIRE sushi platter was gone in less than 10 minutes of me opening it for the meeting.