Since, there isn't exactly a farmer's market in Las Vegas this is THE place to get great produce at albeit higher prices, but that's why you came here.. you didn't want hormone-injected and weird gas exposed food.
Convenient to this side of Vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous Albertson's, less expensive than Whole Foods.  I only wish we had some in the Bay Area to offer a little competition.
I only had to deduct a star for the prices and convenience, which I will explain. Now, not all of the store is overpriced, and the Wild Oats brand items are just as tasty and wholesome as the other, top-name products they sell. Wild Oats only carries items that are either organic or all-natural. Organic foods are certified that there are no fertilizers, pesticides, antibiotics, food additives, etc. This even extends so far as to what things end up in the soil the food grows in, or what feeds on the grass that grows from that soil, due to runoff. Certification is quite costly, though. Many farmers, though their foods are certifiable, simply cannot afford the documentation. Wow. Back on track here, sorry. Part of the reason organic foods are more expensive is because the farmers need to cover the costs from the foods they lost because their foods aren't pumped full of hormones and pesticies. And the convenience thing I promised to explain: due to the fact Wild Oats is strict on the wholesomeness of the items they carry, this is not one-stop shopping. For instance, you won't find Crisco here.

But enough about all of that. I love this place. First of all, whenever you walk through the doors, you're greeted with the aromas of fresh fruits, handcrafted soaps, incense, and the floral department. Which makes me a happy shopper. They carry a wide variety of artisan breads, vegan cookies (they're actually good!), coffees, fruit & veggies, and meats, fish, and poultry. This is the best place to find fresh, not frozen, ground bison. They have a bulk food section, and the unsulfured, dried papaya strips they carry are awesome.

The cafe is a fun, unique way to enjoy a wide variety of items, from pizza to curried chicken salad to stuffed grape leaves. The coffees they serve are excellent (Frank Sumatra!), and their smoothies are the best. The "Velvet Papaya" is my favorite.

They carry a lot of cool soaps, too. And the people who work the natural living section are always friendly and knowledgeable.
This Wild Oats has actually been here for a while, a little bit before the Whole Foods craze hit.  I've stopped by to pick up vitamins and produce from time to time as they're the only place to carry a lot of items - or, rather, they were.  This location is out of the way and, seriously, if there's one thing that Sunflower Market taught us it was that one does not have to jack up the price of produce just because it' good produce.  Wild Oats would have gotten  much better review out of me if Sunflower hadn't have popped up.  It's a little too pretentious and pricey to warrant the drive.
i heart wild oats.  they have great fresh produce considering the fact that we're in vegas.  you can find some really great food here.  i shop at tj's more though, because the prices are better for things that i buy more often.  

they have good fresh fish...but you will spend a good amount of money on it!
I don't remember the first time I went to Gentle Strength.  That's not their fault in any way - I was just too young.  My mom was a peaceful hippie going to ASU the year they opened.  The next year - presto - me.  I hear we went there now and then.  All I remember was lots of patchouli and eating banana chips.  I still love banana chips but I digress...   In the mid 80's my brother was put on a "special" diet to help curb hyperactivity (Good-bye chocolate, Hello carob) and back we went to Gentle Strength.  It had been several years since we'd gone and I remember my mom saying how much it had changed.  She would hardly recognize the place now.

Gentle Strength moved to a new location recently and this has given them lots of room to stretch their wings.  I hadn't been there in years, but I went for the first time (as an adult - no banana chips needed to keep me happy) a few weeks ago.  I have decided that I will be a regular.  It was one of the best shopping experiences I've had in a LONG time.  Yes, shopping experience.  No free samples, dance music or water slides - but the people were just amazing. And not just the folks who worked there. People shopping said "Hi" to each other - and to me.  I had a 10 minute conversation with a guy who'd been a member for more than 20 years.  By the end of my 30 minutes there I'd joined in the spirit and when someone asked me if I knew where something was I walked her on over, helped her read some smaller labels - sharing opinions and a laugh.  

You don't have to be a member to shop there, but it does have it's privileges. (See web site for details) 

Their products are awesome.  I saw some basics that I've seen other places, but I saw tons of stuff that I just don't see at other stores.  From their awesome selection of easy to make Asian food, amazing looking produce, the super bulk foods, the great selection of "Newman's Own" right next to products that were made locally, and lunch/dinner options that include their great pre-made section (from sandwiches to tabbouleh salad) and their smoothie/sandwich/salad bar spot - everything was great.  My personal favorite, and new addiction, was their Cinnamon Sweet Potato and Corn Chips.  Freaking amazing. 

Here's the most important thing for everyone else to know.  When talking w/ that long term member I found out that they lost a huge chunk of their walk in traffic when they had to move to this new location.  They are hurting financially.  There's no massive corporation behind them to help them get through the rough spots, and no other valley location to help balance out the transition period at this location.  

Gentle Strength is a valley tradition to folks who love natural foods, or are living vegan or vegetarian.  With the popularity of this market, we now have Sprouts, Wild Oats and the others offering this same thing, and at locations that may be closer to you.  As you're able, I'd really hope that folks keep visiting Gentle Strength, because this is one piece of Valley history that we don't want to fade away.

UPDATE: Rest in peace Gentle Strength, Rest in peace....
Goodbye Gentle Strength!  You were a pretty good store and I'm really sorry to see you go.  

GS carried some great products that you couldn't find anywhere else, but aside from being "family" run there was nothing dramatic to set it apart from Sprouts or Wild Oats.  I guess the campus just didn't have the customer base to keep a little hippy-food shop thriving.

Ah well.  Cheers to you Gentle Strength!

View the AZ Repuplic story here:
http://www.azcentral.com/community/tempe/articles/0228tr-gentle0228Z10.html#
I shed a tear the day the co-op closed. I had been going there for over ten years, I knew the staff, I was a member, I had worked in the garden and recycled my glass long before Tempe did it for me.  They carried Doctor Bronner's, Quorn, Big Sky soda and delicious tempeh sandwiches. They were the first place I turned when I was sick, bought my first netty pot there and learned of numerous home remedies from the helpful staff. I loved that place. No Whole Foods or Trader Joe's will ever com close to the unique and truly organic home grown experience that was the Co-op.
GS Coop made the MOST delicious vegan carrot muffins. If anyone knows the recipe, I would be thrilled to get it. The muffins were huge, moist and delicious. My favorite, I would get them as often as I could. I miss GS...
If you're like me, and live at the health club, you know how crucial it is to have a good "go to" cafe.  I happen to be on an extremely strict eating plan, so smoothies are a staple. Life Cafe makes the best smoothie in town. I opt for their proprietary "Fast Fuel Optimizer-Vanilla Lite," with peanut butter, banana, and water.  I'm not sure why most places have trouble getting the consistency right, but LC nails it every time. The wraps and sandwiches are fantastic, too. Kids will have no problem here, as they have everything from pizza to chicken nuggets to mac 'n cheese. I'm getting hungry. See ya!
If its here, it's healthy.  I love that the food is all natural.
Excellent eco-friendly food market with fairly-traded, local, natural, seasonal and organic produce. Helpful staff too.
Highly recommended for all sorts of fresh produce as well as a good deli range. Lots of organic, fair trade and local goods, inclucing freshly foraged foodstuffs too! plus drinks, chocolates, sauces, preserves, fish, meat and veg - plenty of choice - and a nice range of quality cookbooks, to help with making upo a meal. An on site cafe for a bite to eat, home delivery service available, and great staff inc. one as a regular TV appearence! makes this one of the best food markets around.
I am definitely a foodie.  The main way to my heart is via my stomach.  A good meal does a great deal for me.  And for any meal, you will need great ingredients.  One option for this is Earthy Food Market, situated on Ratcliffe Terrace in Newington.  This is like a organic farmers' market, but situated in an actual building.

Earthy Foods are going against the grain of the supermarkets by trying to provide a comprehensive range of healthy, organic and locally-produced food and goods.  Wondering into the upstairs food area, your eyes will be drawn in by all the food on offer.  The knowledge that it hasn't travelled for thousands of miles to make it to the shop makes it that bit more appealing.  I particularly enjoyed perusing the meat section, but then I do love my meat!

Also on the premises is the 'yum' cafe, which provides a selection of Fairtrade and organic food and drink.  I really like what they are doing here - it's great to see a place like this trying to break the mould, and succeeding with the support of a number of customers from the local area.

I would love it if Earthy expanded into other premises across the city.  They've definitely got a good thing going on there!
This really is foodie heaven for both shopping to cook at home but also to eat in.

The vegetables and fruit are fresh as they come and it is this produce that makes the delicious soups, salads and sandwiches they have in the cafe. You can also peruse a selection of recipe books which will inspire you to get cooking with all the hundreds of tasty products on sale in the shop. Anywhere else I would say it was cynical marketing but having met the owners and many of the staff it's clear that they are just really passionate about good quality food and want you to enjoy it too. 

As well as food they also have a wide range of organic and natural toiletries and household products. 

Outside they have on sale plants and flowers that brighten up what would otherwise be some decking in a parking lot! So if it's nice enough to sit outside you should- it's great escapism from the city despite being next to a main road.
Foodie+Earthy=Happy

Actually I don't even really know what a "foodie" is, but apparently they would (and do) really like this place.

I actually can't believe I have never heard of Earthy before! It's a terrible name but a wonderful place. I only discovered it while Yelp scouting. It's not at all far from the centre of town and big too, so it's a surprise its not as well known. Basically Earthy is a garden centre crossed with an organic grocers crossed with a cafe (called Yum). It sells small plotted pants, hanging baskets and herbs, most of which are displayed outside. When you enter Foodie you find a small room to your left which is known as the "quiet room" where you can sit as long as you shut up. This room can also be booked for your own nefarious (quiet) purposes. Up a flight of nice wooden stairs you come to the main part of Earthy, a busy little market place style grocers selling all sorts of locally sourced fruit and veg, as well as Scottish dairy and meats. It's also a sort of delicatessen too!

As you might expect, Earthy can get  a bit pricey. Given its location its definitely marketed toward the eco-friendly middle class who can afford its organic produce, which unfortunately, remains a privilege.

Unsurprisingly this is also a great place to get your hands on high quality fair trade food like fairtraide fruit that has never touched the ground, 110% cocoa chocolate and coffee that has been specially sealed from creation to never witness sadness.

As mentioned above, Earthy also houses its own cafe "Yum at Earthy Food Market". Watch out for a separate review on that one (heads up: its good!).
If you love Edinburgh's weekly farmer's market, you'll equally love Earthy Foods and Goods. Especially if you're staying, or live, in South Side. Actually, if you live in South Side, it'd be a crime not to know of this place's existence. A lot of the produce you'll find at the farmer's market is available here. Even though this food store, market garden and cafe is just off a main road, visiting feels like a bit of escapism. You walk through a winding garden path, into the main building and up some steps to get to the shop. It's beautifully laid out space that also houses a deli and some seating. I brought my parents here for lunch a while ago and had some incredible pumpkin-filled ravioli with red and yellow baby tomatoes. The food is as fresh as it gets and full of flavour. I'd recommend going just for the experience of wandering through. It's a feast for the eyes.
I went there today to check out the shop..since the last time I was there they have now got a cafe. Had an absolutely gorgeous earl grey tea. Sat at a big wooden table and browsed the numerous cook books they have there.
Like my fellow Yelpers, I love my food and if you want to make a delicious masterpiece, then you really can't scrimp on the quality. Quality is top on the list at the Earthy Food Market and everything is fresh, and chemical free ensuring that as well as cooking up something tasty, it will also be healthy too. 

Unfortunately, being healthy comes at a price and the fruit and veg' here is a bit of a mark up on your Tesco's own range but it does taste 10 times better so something it's worth it, especially if you're cooking a special meal.

In addition to food they also stock cosmetics, soaps and other everyday items all organic, of course.
"You are now 20 steps away from Foodie Heaven." As the chalk board at the bottom of the stairs so cheekily but rightly claims (see the photo I uploaded) this place is Foodie Heaven with a capital F and H. And as a true-sworn foodie, I don't say that lightly.

The food here tastes like REAL food. You can taste every ingredient, all of which are top quality. Everything on offer sounds too tempting and it's all just sooo gooooood. It's also all organic, locally sourced, and therefore healthier, and all that other good, green stuff so it's basically top notch, good-for-you goodness. What more could you ask for?

I came here for brunch and opted for the bacon roll. Plain you might say, but I had plans to order more food later so this was saving room. The roll was beautifully soft, the bacon crispy and flavourful. My friend had a mix of all the veggies on offer that included roasted sweet potato, brocolli (which she claims was the best brocolli EVER), salad and cous cous. Not much more to say except DELICIOUS.

After two cups of tea and lots of chat later, we then ordered a home-made sausage roll to share. "Sausage roll" sadly immediately makes me think of Greggs and their greasy, fatty and tasteless offerings. But cast that image from your mind and replace it with a sausage roll the size of your face, oven baked and golden brown, stuffed full of real sausage meat, mustard, oregano and served with a side of chickpeas in a delicious red pesto dressing. The result was 5 minutes of near-silence and glazed eyes as my friends and I had lunch (brunch round 2 if you will) and long drawn out "oooohhhhmygod"s. Earthy, my tastebuds thank you.

I was actually sad I didn't have room for the: plum sponge, pecan pie, bacon and french toast with maple syrup, and porridge with apple and plum compote. I wanted it all.

I also spent a large majority of my time looking at all the amazing food, teas, and produce for sale in the shop. The deli cafe is up the stairs, at the back of the store so you (rather cleverly) need to walk past all the food in the shop to get to the cafe. They stock every type of organic brand, home-made, locally sourced Scottish produce you can think of, and there is a huge selection. Most organic or local-Scottish produce stores are quite small, but Earthy is really quite huge, the staff are all really friendly and know what they're talking about from the range of cheeses to the pickles and jams.

This is probably too long-winded a review but Earthy deserves these extra pixels. Earthy is now my favourite place for Sunday brunch, Wednesday lunch, anytime coffee and cake. FACT.
I'm knocking down the stars by two wholly because of the customer service. The food here is exceptional, without a doubt, and wonderful for coffee and cake time, brunch time, lunch time. But would service with a smile really kill them?

It's pricey, and slightly out of the way, so is always a 'treat' to come here. The past three times I've come, two seperate members of staff have given me the stare of "why are you disturbing me from cooking?" when I've asked to place an order, and literally haven't smiled once in the whole ordering, delivery, and paying process. The first time I let it go, but it's becoming consistent enough now to actually put me off going. It really did make my almond croissant taste a little more bitter.
Since my previous review, Earthy have in fact been in touch to apologise for the slightly off-service I've experienced. I have to say this level of customer service and focus on feedback definitely warms me to them again. 

The food has always been great, the only thing I was a bit put-off by was unfriendly service but since that has now been actively remedied I am once again a full-on Earthy fan. I haven't actually been back since they've been in touch, but I will update again for my return visit.

Other cafes take note, this is how to keep customers coming back!
And I'm back on board! I've written a few reviews of Earthy and always been glowing in my praise of the food. At times I found certain staff to be a little cold, and had one or two bad occasions. Especially when the girl actually forgot my order directly after taking it, despite that I was the only customer. Um, anyway. Also, they could do with making it warmer (somehow) inside as I've had to eat my soup with coat and scarf still on a few times.

Buuuuttt butbutbut I really just can't get past how great the food is. Seriously. I have been out of action recently with a sore leg and haven't been able to walk longer than 2 minutes at a time. But when a friend came for lunch I walked to Earthy, despite the injury and subsequent pain. It's that good.

The menu changes daily, as do the sandwich and salad options. But I always go for the salad platter. How do they get the aubergines so soft? And the sweet potato so...amazing? It's just the wonderful combination of fresh vegetables, organically grown, with little touches like Nigella seeds or pumpkin and walnut flourishes to make the salad really memorable. And I could eat a whole vat of the chickpeas.

But the still-warm icing on the cake was, in fact, the maramalde cake. Despite being full from my salad platter I gave into temptation and had the first slice of a freshly baked maramalde cake. And good lord that slice was big. Door stop big. And good lord that cake was good. I originally cut it in half to take half home for later, but then ate it all. Perfect with a cup of the Artisan coffee too.

Ok I'm going on and on. But as far as cake experiences go, it was the best one I've had in 2011 so far. Seriously. I get so disappointed when I go out for cake and tea and it's a non-descript affair that could be duplicated anywhere. Not at Earthy. This is a one-off gem that I would gladly limp to time and time again. I am in food-love.
This is the sort of place I would like to love but there's something I can't quite connect with.

Great stock of organic food, nice atmosphere, cafe if you want it, friendly staff ... maybe it's the prices that put me off???
Nice, environmentally friendly, cafe, market, food establishment.  Can be a little on the pricey side, but good quality.
Jeez louise, I'd definitely left a visit to Earthy too long. Last time I was here the café was upstairs, and downstairs had some seating with sofas and the like.

That must have been at least a year ago. No idea why, since it's definitely one of my favourite cafés in the area and the food is just a cut above the rest. But since then, the downstairs now has the café complete with lots more seating. If it was wonderful already, it's simply spectacular now.

Apart from the actual lay out, nothing has changed since my previous review: in a nutshell, that the food is just out-of-this-world good. A vegetarian, or even raw foodies, heaven there are so many fresh veggie dishes that have been made with the freshest, most locally farmed veg. You can really taste the difference (sorry Sainbury's, yours is just smoke and mirrors). Then there's the quiches. And the sandwiches. It's hard to put into words just how *good* the food is, or how different it is to other café fare. It just *is*.

Admittedlly, that top notch quality comes with a top notch price tag. I wouldn't be able to come here daily for my lunch. It's definitely a special treat. But trust me, it's worth it.

Upstairs they have their food market too which is just fantastic. Also pricey, but a mecca of all things delicious and foodie. "Foodie heaven" it used to say on the wall, and couldn't be closer to the truth. Fresh fruit and veg, meat, pickles, desserts, chocolate, snacks, all sorts of ingredients for cooking, alcohol, fresh cheese. All too good.

So now I've been back after my year-long delay, and seen the much comfier café downstairs, I really don't have an excuse not to go back...a lot. Yey!
I like Earthy... more than I would like to admit.  
I like that they have locally grown fruit and veg, tasty breads, cool flours, and loads of other funky things (like whole tubes of black pudding!) that I like to buy.  It also has a parking lot which is ironic, but very convenient.  They also have a good selection of local and organic beers and wines which always catch my eye when we pass.  

I absolutely indulge my inner hippy here and The Man and I had a giggle last time we were here because we were wellied out and on our way to bag up horse manure for the garden.  

I also got excited about being able to refill my Ecover here.  Ecover is expensive but doesn't wreck my skin like Fairy does, so we buy it.  I was keen on the idea of refilling our bottle for cheaper than it costs to buy a new one, except.... except that it's more expensive to refill your bottle at Earthy than it is to buy a new one at Tesco.  How does that work?  

Stars also lost because about 1/3 of the onions we bought there had to be thrown out due to being pretty badly rotted.  I realise they're all natural and organic but if you're going to pay that much for onions, you really don't want to throw a bunch of them out.

So I like Earthy and, if for no other reason, I'll totally keep coming here to buy lots of Stornoway black pudding, tasty breads, tasty flours, etc.  I'll stick to Tesco for my Ecover and onions, though.
It was difficult to review this place, but I shall conclude prior to actually explaining why, by saying my experience here was rather mediocre.

Earthy food market is very close to my flat in Causewayside, and I was surprised to find it (in a positive way). I love cafes/shops which serve ethical, delicious food. On first appearances, it reminded me of wholefoods market. What seems to have once been a garage is now rustic inside, the ground floor being the premises for the cafe, the upstairs an upmarket grocery store. 

I have been up to the shop upstairs on various occasions. The vegetable selection looks incredible, with plenty of delicious looking organic veggies on offer. The price tag is quite shocking though. I was tempted by the reduced miso paste, which cost £3.90 reduced from around £5. Good thing I didn't buy it. I found it at full price at the new leaf health food shop the next day, for £2.99. The tofu here is also overly priced, as are just about all the products available. The only slightly cheaper thing I have found here are the lazy day vegan/gluten free tiffin and millionaire's shortbread, which are 30p cheaper than those found in Henderson's and Real foods. The fresh bakery products do look very impressive, and I would definitely try them if I could eat gluten. It's sad, as the shop has quite a bit of potential, I just feel that it loses it by exciting people with luxury range goods in a rustic setting and overcharging for them. In case you haven't noticed by my other reviews, I am quite conscious of sneaky marketing techniques. This place screams "spend money here if you care about the environment and have class". 

Today I tried out the cafe downstairs for the first time, but just for a coffee. The food on display looked very good, plenty of interesting salads with lots of Mediterranean and middle eastern flavours such as feta, marinated aubergines and fennel, but the prices were not that honest. The cakes looked good likewise, but the prices were unjustified. I guess the only justification is that people will spend money there, as many people think expensive equates to good quality, which I don't think is true. I ordered a soya cappuccino. It was £2.75... I pay £2.20 in Brew lab, which was pricy in itself, but more akin to standard British prices. The coffee arrived, it was pretty with coffee art on top, which one would expect from a place like this. It was nice enough, a bit strong, and a bit on the large size. No complaints really except for the price. The staff were friendly, the options numerous but really nothing really to write home about. I don't think I'll bother returning to the cafe, though I will use earthy as my lazy days supplier.
Not only do they do a fantastic selection of locally grown produce, fresh baked goods, plants, holistic household items, and gardening supplies, they have meat and game for sale and recently installed a butcher upstairs and have extended the café downstairs.Wholesome salads, quiches, interesting sandwiches and an array of teas and coffees make this a café/shop worth the trip out to EH9. 
We sat outside in the sunshine enjoying a fantastic platter of marinated lamb, cheeses, Baba Ganoush, Hummous, Salads, peas and new potatoes. It came with freshly baked flatbreads and crispy crackers too. Even though we consumed large amounts of food I still felt rather virtuous and healthy as it was all so fresh and tasty. Our friend had a Beetroot and Goats cheese tart which was also amazing and very reasonable at £7.95. The platter retails at £12.95 and was more than enough for two. 
Despite the extensive and fantastic cake selection we opted for strawberries and fresh cream with a brownie on the side of course! The brownie was perfectly gooey and lovely, yum.
All in all a wonderful lunch and a great shop! Earthy watch out - when I move to Newington next week you will be sick of the sight of me!
Had a lovely flat white and bacon roll here this morning.

Service was really friendly too.

I went into the new back yard where they have lots of plants, most which are perennials, which is fantastic as you tend to get your monies worth!   Really good range of plants and some of which I've not seen before too. Do go& have a peak, even if you haven't got a garden.

Bacon roll was good. Nice roll, tasty bacon too, BUT hold on, there was more bacon needed for the size of the roll and the £3.50 I paid.

Coffee was Matthew Algie. It was nice, strong and my usual choice of flat white!
I'm done with Earthy!! and that's a shame, I want to like it, cos the food is tasty and the parking is a dream, but it's a rip-off, the portions do vary, but again today it was a joke!. almost £10.00 for quiche and THe tiniest salad on the planet! I paid an extra £1.00 to change the coleslaw it came with for something else, (ermm why?) anyway I opted for  pasta and grilled courgette, and there was one  slice of courgette, ONE .!? It also came with baby spinach leaves, I thought they had forgotten to put this on, but no..the 6 little leaves were hiding under the weeny pile of pasta.. It's also freezing cold, and really rather unfriendly.. so that's it I'm done, life is too short to be disappointed by a  courgette!
Brilliant place. Love the layout. I've been going for years. One can have a wee meal whilst shopping. An believe me it is so easy to stop shopping and tuck into the food on offer. Especially after seeing it on shelves and coolers. I then want a meal made with all the ingredients on sale. The staff are devine and helpful and most of all give me space to just look and browse. All the wood and lovely smells make it a lovely place to walk around in. Such a variety of prices, so even when I only have a bob or two I can still indulge. Thankyou Earthy!!!
Earthy seems to be the perfect blend of healthy, hip, cool, laid back, socially conscious eating and shopping.  They have 3 locations; been to 2: Cannonmills and Causewayside (other is in Portobello).  The Cannonmills site is closer and  has a small but well stocked shop of fresh organic fruit and veg, packaged good and my favourite new food of the year - IQ Chocolate (made in Stirling).   It also has a casual dining area with amazing salads and lovely brunch.  

I have only just discovered Earthy Causewayside and it is an absolute treasure!!  Its a bit out of the way (for me) but that means they were able to get a bigger building with parking and outside space.  The downstairs is the cafe but this is counter service only - and no evenings.  The salads are varied, healthy, delicious and inspiring - I would love to recreate the sweet potato salad at home!  And I had the creamiest richest Chai latte (for some reason they add a shot of coffee - but they warn you of this and can request it to be coffee free - which I do).  The whole upstairs is the shop.  It is a joy to wander around - with beautifully presented  fruit and veg, a great selection of organic packaged goods - many of which are locally produced (such as the aforementioned IQ chocolate...).  

The most amazing part has to be the outdoor eating in the rear - only open in the summer.  It appears that when they took over the building the yard was a dumping ground.  Well instead of sending it all to the skip - it has been recycled and reinvented into tables, seating areas, planting vessels - you name it - they created it!  The seating has been divided into private little havens - which can be reserved!!  All in all a visit to Earthy Causewayside is a little adventure - discovering quirky spaces and delectable treats to eat in and take away.
Super health minded prepared meals and snacks.  Worthy of a stop in for any person short on time and big on health.
This place is great for the person who wants to eat better but really doesn't have the time or know how to put together good and healthy meals!  The food is healthy, well proportioned, convenient and pretty yummy too.  You can eat there, grab & go or pick up meals for several days and the prices are reasonable.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and will show you how it works with no pressure. 

I just started the 21 day challenge.  Liz is my coach.  She spent a good hour asking me about my life style, goals and challenges and then she explained how it all works in terms that made sense and were motivating. Basically, its like this...Liz picks out everything that I'm going to eat during the challenge and even gave me a schedule for what time to eat.  All I have to do is pick up my meals 2X a week.  On top of that, Liz  will call me or email me daily to make sure I'm doing alright and to hold me accountable.  Also, if I'm in a situation where I can't eat My Fit Foods...like a client dinner or I'm traveling for work, Liz will help me with choices.  Seriously, she said that I can just tell her where I'm going and she'll figure it out.

Literally, I don't have to shop, cook or clean.  I don't have have to worry about making the right choice because all the right choices are being made for me.  I mean, I'm pretty sure that every excuse for not getting in to better habits has been obliterated.  Now, we'll just see if it works.
So its the third week of January and I like many of you have a new years resolution of getting into better shape. We can all go to the gym drink all the water we need and eat healthy when we plan, but what if that plan goes right out of the window due to your hectic daily life? I know what I do I tend to try and eat something fast that is "healthy" Well much to my surprise most fast "healthy " options are as about as healthy as a snickers bar. 

But My Fit Foods is different. It is a great concept with pre-made, pre-portioned and delicious meals ready for you on the spot. They also have a very knowledgeable and approachable staff. Their staff doesn't try and corner you into buying a bunch of stuff that will be the answer to all of your problems. 

I stopped in for a quick bite in between meetings  and was greeted immediately. I was recommend to the turkey meatloaf with sweet potato walnut mash. I was very happy with it and the price! 

This place has a lot to offer that I haven't even had a chance to look at yet like their 21 day challenge, nutrition coaching and I am sure of a lot more. If you are looking for a well priced truly healthy meal for your on the go life style then My Fit Foods is your answer.
After a busy and exciting first day back in school (last semester in college was seven years ago!), I was hungry and unsuccessful in finding anything interesting near the college.  I decided to find something close to home, but was distracted and missed my exit.  I soon found myself near Gainey Ranch.  I spotted a new restaurant there and decided to check it out, and soon found myself in the parking lot of not where I wanted to go to, but of My Fit Foods.  From the outside, MFF looked like a GNC, or a vitamin shop.  A quick check on the Yelp app confirmed that it was a pre-packaged health food place where I might find something quick to eat.

I went in and headed straight to the refrigerated section to see what everyone else was searching through and found pre-packaged foods from floor-to-ceiling.  There were breakfast items, such as burrito wraps and oatmeal combos, as well as small to large servings of lunch and dinner options, as well as some snack items.  Since these were pre-packaged, I quickly decided I'd have to look for nutritional and ingredients' info online, or I would be taking a lot of someone's precious time investigating for food allergens.  I met Brian, who quickly kept me from leaving, and instead, told me he would help me w/ identifying which foods I would have to stay away from.  A few minutes later, we were left w/ less than two handfuls' of items to choose from-- what a friendly and upbeat guy!  (Qualities of a great salesman.)  He even invited me to take a dish home to try, gratis!  

I asked if there was a membership I could sign up for, and he said yes, I could open up a "house account," where for $500, I would save 5% on purchases, whereby giving me $525 to spend however I choose, whenever I choose.  I could walk in and choose the items I wanted, or I could place the order online or by phone, and then come in whenever it's convenient for me (during business hours, that is) to pick up my order.  If I only didn't have so many food allergies to contend with, I think the products here are a convenient way to ensure I eat healthily, following a low-carb 40/40/20 diet, and lose weight, if I choose to.  I must admit that while the tofu, spinach, salsa, and quinoa-stuffed yellow bell pepper meal I tried was bland at the start, after adding a little bit of salt, it was actually quite delicious, and very satisfying!  Thank you for the inspiration on how to prepare a new dish, Brian!  

While I may not become a regular customer, I would definitely recommend My Fit Foods to anyone I know who would like to be able to eat healthier and lose weight, and who would not want to, or could not, prepare every meal they eat themselves.  These pre-packaged foods are perfect to take w/ you to work.  Just heat, and eat!  

A quick note: There is a nutritionist on-staff, who you may speak with if you have any other concerns that a regular staffer may not be able to address, although Brian was very thorough.  I'm not sure, but I would think that getting a more-personalized menu might be possible.  I'll have to inquire more the next time I stop by to confirm this!
My Fit Foods is a great idea, and the food is great. I really would recommend this place to everyone and have.  I do however have two issues: 1. The lack of variety of sides.  I feel like everything has the same side.  The salmon has broccoli only, for example. 2. The customer service there is so overbearing.  I feel so much pressure by the employees from the minute I walk in. The ask me how I'm doing, have I been there before, do I have any questions, do I need any recommendations, can they hold my food while I'm waiting, etc.  Despite the fact that I have been there several times, they still hound me. I feel the need to be rude to the just so I can take a minute and look around.  Or I just grab the salmon and blot to the register.  It's really an overwhelming feeling, my friends have mentioned it as well. I know they mean well but it would really be a much better atmosphere if they if they acknowledged me, ask if I needed anything and then stepped away. I'm sure people do have questions and would like information about the store, but those customers will present themselves.  Not every consumer needs to be pounced on when they walk in.  Ultimately though, the ease of having a healthy lunch in two minutes is worth putting up with the extraordinary customer service.
I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by for a quick bite - not knowing anything about it. Having been the previous locations of Dish and The Kitchen, I thought it would be something similar... but was surprised to see it was more of a take out / healthy tv dinner concept. I got a great little intro to the place from the staff and purchased their turkey meatloaf/mashed sweet potato recommendation and warmed it up there... YUM! My only hesitation was that the packaging was in plastic... and microwaving plastic just doesn't seem healthy. The prices are reasonable and if you are looking for glutton free - there are a ton of options... however it would be nice if they explored different packaging... maybe the paper boxes? I'd go again for the food, but may opt to bring home and warm up on a plate or in glass...
The food is seriously amazing. Healthy, good fast food is such a rarity. One can eat Subway a few times before you never want to go back. MFF has a nice variety to choose from for any meal. The meal plans are helpful but if you already cook a lot, prolly don't need to do it. I grab a few lunch meals and keep them in my work fridge for the week.
Great awesome fantastic what else can I say. I started getting all of my food breakfast lunch and dinner plus snacks in February now two months or so later I am down 30 pounds and my blood pressure is way down also. Good healthy food and great people what more can you want?
I like eating healthy but like good tasting food too. I stopped in to pick up a quick take out lunch. I liked that they had lots of choices for lower calories than most  healthy choice restaurants. And the food was good. Chicken and sweet potato was pretty tasty. 
What impressed me most were the women who worked there. Very helpful, courteous and gave real recommendations without being pushy. I felt comfortable asking questions and taking my time to choose. 

I  will be back!
I walked in and told the cashier I had never been here before. A customer who over heard me turned around and said this place is great, you will be addicted. I bought a chicken taco bowl for today's lunch and chicken enchiladas for tomorrows lunch (I apparently like Mexican food). Both meals look fabulous and are packaged very nicely. I got back to work and heated the taco bowl up. It was very good. It had lots of flavor and was very fresh. It defiantly did not taste like one of those frozen prepackage meal that I am sure we have all eaten (Healthy Choice, Smart Ones, Lean Cuisine). My only complaint was the price. I feel like 6.95 is a little spendy for the amount of food you get especially when those other pre packaged meals are around $2 a piece. However the whole point of eating fit is portion control. They do have 2 challenges. One is a 3 day challenge for $75 and the other is a 21 day challenge for $500. Each day comes with 2 snacks, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will not be partaking in the challenges but I would defiantly pick up a meal or 2 during the work week for my lunch.
about a minute ago
My Fit Foods was a very unique healthy fast food type of a place.  It is not prototypical fast food in the sense the food is prepared right in front of you real fast.  The food is already made, but there are several selections for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  All of the items are roughly 300 calories or less.  The serving portion is smaller, but it is just right for any normal human being.

I just got finished from playing tennis, and I was hankering something spicy for some reason.  I went with the Indian choice option, and it tasted very much like Indian food, and the best part is that it was very healthy.

You can either heat up the food there in the microwaves or take it home to eat.
A great option in the area if you're looking for healthy, pre-made meals. They have breakfast, snack, lunch and dinner options. I tried the buffalo chicken wrap as well as the salmon. The buffalo chicken wrap was excellent, but at 300 calories, it was half of a wrap with 5 carrots and a side of bleu cheese dressing. Good if you're on a diet for portion control, but may require more food if you're hungry.

For dinner I had the salmon which was delicious. Just about 2 minutes in the microwave and you're set. This meal, on the other hand, completely filled me up.
 
Prices range from $5-10 from what I could see. Very cool concept that I'm sure does well!
Just completed the 21 day challenge today, and I've been dying to write this review! I walked in 21 days ago, intending to just grab a healthy lunch after a friend told me about My Fit Foods. It took me about 5 minutes to be sold on the food (it's stuff I would normally eat anyway!), so I decided to press the easy button and sign up with Molly. This was probably the best decision of my life. 

I am reasonably fit, not considered overweight, and was hoping to lose only 8 lbs. so my clothes would fit better. I have struggled with blood sugar issues, adult acne, sluggishness, and anxiety my whole life but it had gotten particularly bad in the past 6 months. So you could say that I was meant to walk into this place when I did.

On the 21 day challenge, you eat 3 meals a day plus 2 snacks so you are NEVER hungry. At least I wasn't. In fact, it's quite an adjustment to eat on a 3 hour schedule consistently. There were two times where I had to be away from a microwave or whatever for dinner, so I heated up my meals hours earlier and put them in a thermos. I did this for the turkey chili and happily gobbled it up at NYPD while my family chowed down on pizza.

I found the food to be quite tasty, and much of it spicy which I like. I could eat this food the rest of my life and not feel like I'm missing out. But again, I was a pretty healthy eater to begin with.

My results from the 21 day challenge:

* I had really bad caffeine withdrawals the first 5-7 days (no caffeine or alcohol on the plan), not fun. Might want to pare down the caffeine slowly prior to embarking on the 21 day challenge. No alcohol wasn't an issue for me, I just drank caffeine free tea.
* I lost 6.5 lbs, my goal was 8. This was my fault though, because my cheat meals (you are permitted 1 per week) were way overboard. One of them I did a full-on tasting and wine pairing (remember, you're not supposed to drink alcohol for the 21 days!)  I'm just going to continue for a couple more days until I get to my goal.
* My nasal allergies totally stopped. I've had TWO sinus surgeries for chronic sinusitis. This was totally crazy and unexpected, and makes me think that I have food allergies or sensitivities that I need to get tested. I shudder to think I could've avoided two sinus surgeries in 5 years by changing my diet.
* My acne is GONE. Totally gone. I wonder if it was the dairy I was drinking/eating before? 
* My shakiness, night sweats, anxiety, and heart palpitations related to blood sugar fluctuations are completely gone.
* I am WAY calmer with my kids! I really think the caffeine increased my cortisol/stress hormone levels through the roof. You don't realize how dependent you are until you go through withdrawals.
* This is probably the strangest one and too-much-information, but my PMS disappeared too. I searched diet changes & PMS and found that everything that is suggested to ease PMS symptoms are in this diet (reduce caffeine, low fat diet, keep blood sugar stable, take B vitamins). It never even occurred to me that diet & PMS were related.
* I wake up in a good mood and ready to start the day. I have never been a morning person, especially without caffeine. I am addicted to the Fit Foods morning drink (cranberry juice, water, 1/2 squeezed lemon, 1-2 oz liquid B-12, apple cider vinegar). I will drink it the rest of my life!

I can't thank you enough Molly & My Fit Foods!
Okay, this place is amazing. Healthy meals,  gluten-free options, decent portions and you can choose small, medium or large size. Calories right on the packaging. Cut up portions, microwavable containers. 
I love this because at work I sometimes have very brief breaks so I can eat the "snack" portions and then eat a lunch or dinner when I have more time. Great concept, reasonable prices and the food is prepared right there on the other side of a glass wall. Clean prep area so you know what you are getting. 
I'm just mad I discovered this place now after driving by it for a year. Stop in and check it out. They have a 21 day challenge you can take also.
I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  I have been going here for 6 months or so now and I don't know what I would do without it! My husband is equally as obsessed.  It takes some time to figure out what you love and don't love and I even find myself on a "kick" of eating certain meals because it's THAT good! I know some people have an issue with the price but I couldn't make this food at home for the price of a MFF meal (trust me I have tried).  I either throw away uneaten portions, get sick of the same thing over and over again or just can't get it flavorful enough while still keeping it clean, low cal and gluten free.  

Make sure you try to My Fit Cocktail! I am drinking it as I type this review :) 

Since I have started eating gluten free I have had ZERO sinus issues, my autoimmune condition has cleared up and I have lost about 5 pounds.  Try a 21 day challenge and you will never go back!
I'm all about healthy eating... most of the time.  

I'm also all about enjoying some not-so-healthy splurges on occasion; everything in moderation, right?  

And lastly, I'm going on my 38th week of being pregnant, and throughout this pregnancy, I have to admit, I've been extremely time-challenged and not had much desire to cook.  

Enter My Fit Foods...

My husband started picking up some meals and snacks from MFF sometime within the last 10 months.  We've actually given them a ton of business, and I'm sure will continue to do so considering we enjoy the quality of their food, the portion sizes, convenience, the service, etc... oh yeah - and the fact that they are healthy too!

Sure, it can be pricey, and I advise only purchasing what you know you'll eat within a few days.  We've had a few instances where the food sits too long and goes past expiration date and goes to waste.  But, when you plan ahead, MFF really is fabulous.

Some of our favorite dishes:
*Breakfast: protein pancakes and oat bakes - our toddler loves the pancakes and I love the oat bakes!

*Lunch / Dinner: I enjoy most of the salmon and chicken dishes.  The cobb and/or greek salads aren't bad either.  My husband is also a fan of Denyse's Killuh Chili; I have yet to try it though.

*Snacks: almond butter crunch / fit-to-go

***I'm not a big fan of the bars or cookies, and I don't recommend the wrap sandwiches either.  I do however love that they sell Chobani yogurt.  It's my favorite but I purchase it at the grocery store.

As soon as this baby arrives and I'm ready to get fit and drop the lbs I've been putting on, I may consider one of MFF's 21 day challenges.  Let me know if you're interested in joining me!
I have been into My Fit Foods off and on in the past & I have always had a positive outcome.

Recently I have started the 21 day challenge and had the pleasure of meeting with Molly for the FREE nutritional counseling that My Fit Foods offered me. A GREAT added bonus for buying my food here.

I am currently training for a fitness competition next year and I am doing this to try and make an easier transition into the diet and making healthier choices with my diet. 

Molly and the team at My Fit Foods has been great about helping me with this transition. They call to remind me of my pick ups and make it easy for me to get around my likes and dislikes and still stay on track.

I would recommend this to anyone looking to break their bad dietary habits, get back on track and more or less get some good nutritional education. 

Thanks,

Kelly Kristen
A breath of fresh air really...
 I visited MFF for the first time today and the friendly and no pressure staff made it easy. I am just trying it out and bought enough items to last me three days. I actually could not wait to get home to try it out and have my first snack which consisted of cubed chicken, grapes, walnuts as well as orange and grapefruit segments and it was delicious. 

It's hard to fault the quality as everything was super fresh and just perfectly portioned. For dinner I had their chicken with sauteed vegetables and thought it was also quite tasty...As for the price...well it's not exactly cheap but neither is going out to eat --I like the fact the items are prepared fresh and all you have to do is heat it up...I love the time saving factor, the  no messiness of it all and the fact I can plan my meals with ease knowing that will be eating something healthy while accomplishing my fitness goals!
What a great concept MFF is. I ate the food at the Scottsdale location on and off for about a year. Not everyday, but frequently enough to say I was a regular. The menu never changed and I was ok with that - healthy food comes at a cost, and it doesn't always taste great. The results are what matter.
After a year I was so burnt out, I could no longer force the bland meals down. I had a few favorites that I would come back to, but overall there wasn't much change. 
Then I went to MFF in Southlake, Texas this past Christmas. The meals were great and I was excited that they changed the menu and added some new items. 
Fast forward to this week. I had some of those same new items at the Scottsdale location. The Pork Tacos were so tough, fatty and overcooked that I threw away the whole meal. Angry. The corn tortillas are rock hard after you microwave them. Absolutely pathetic food. 
I was also disappointed that the breakfast staple "Good Morning Sunshine" had been changed. She told me they now add tomato sauce to the ground turkey. Terrible idea. 
I've decided that the chefs at the Scottsdale location use low quality ingredients and don't cook up to the standard of other MFF locations. 
Time to try Sunfare here in AZ.
First off, I would like to say that I was kinda upset at myself that it took me 12 days (out of 14) to discover this place. 

I walked in about 10 minutes before they closed, I hate doing this but I was starving. The 2 young ladies were more than helpful and willing to stay open a little later for me. 

I am currently enjoying the Paleo diet. If you don't know about it look it up. But it is kinda a pain to do when you are traveling. OK its a huge pain. This store though helped me out. Wish I would have found it earlier. 

They cater there food to different diet restrictions, paleo, gluten free... you get the gist. 

The have all meals covered, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I didn't think that I would be full with the large portion so I purchased the large and medium. It was a wise choice. I took home (hotel room)some pork and some chicken. Popped them in the micro and BAM hot food! 

If you can eat anywhere or anything, this might not be your best stop. BUT if your looking for ready made Paleo food...STOP HERE!!!
I have been going to My Fit Foods for about 6 months, I have referred several people and love the concept.  Sadly, after one more inconsistent meal, I've given up.  The first few months were great but since then, inconsistent meals every time!  

I mentioned the inconsistencies on a few occasions but it has not improved. The breakfast tacos were my favorite but on several occasions the spice was so overpowering and hot that I couldn't even enjoy them.  (And I LOVE really hot SPICY food, these were beyond spicy hot, today, they were inedible).  The corn shells were apparently old as they completely crumbled and would have needed to be eaten with a fork.  They were already broken apart when I opened the container so I find it hard to believe whomever was preparing the food didn't realise there was an issue.

I really wanted to love this place..... great concept and everyone that works there is beyond friendly!  They just really need to work on consistency of their meals and quality of food being used. :(
Love this place. Perfectly portioned meals in small, medium and large. Not to mention 21 day challenge is awesome. U only have to pay for the food not the nutritionist advice. They make everything fresh and super easy for u to go in and pick up. Great drinks too. Healthy versions of soda that tastes like soda but without the bad additives and sugar. I will keep coming back!!!!
This place works if you do not have time to prepare healthy means for yourself. We have ordered 3 times. The common theme is spicy with little flavor. Most dishes I had have been spicy or heavy on the garlic. The portion sizes are small which can help you manage your weight if you still to the meal plan.
My new addiction on healthy ... and not only is this place healthy... its good for you ... it's a treat for your body... your senses... and packaged in a way that travels well for someone on the go ... say if your a fly girl like me! I have been to all 3 stores in the valley. I like the one near me on Shea and Tatum. It doesn't have the 'kitchen' but everyone is friendly and helpful. In fact, the last time the guy walked out my Fit Foods purchase to my car. How's that for service! I have my favorite foods like Brian's Enchiladas, which at the small portion size is perfect for me. I love the Salmon and Pear Salsa ...again I get the small portion size but it comes in medium and large and all are calorie and serving breakdown conscious. I am on a gluten free diet lately for health reasons affiliated with migraines. These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when I shared that with them. I don't think the price is off at all.. it's fresh and it's healthy and if you went to buy and prepare this on your own you would be spening the same or more. Worth the trip... I hope MyFitFoods opens more stores.. My heart adores!
This place is great...i was skeptical at first, because i thought "microwavable" would suck! however i gave the place a chance & i've been eating these great already portioned tasty meals for the past 2 weeks..

The food has alot of flavour & i'm so surprised it still tastes so good in the microwave..this is perfect for bachelors, people on the go, or trying to manage their weight.

Service is excellent as well. Love the concept!
The food is very good, but what even better are the people.

I needed their help and Todd the manager step-up and was there for me.  My hat go out to this business for going the extra mile.
I may never cook again!  I went in to pick up lunch for today and got so excited to see whole food, gluten free, all ready prepared and fresh that I left with 7 meals for $50.00!  
All the employees were so nice and helpful!  I spoke to several personnel and they were all well educated on their products and services.  Thanks for your great attitudes!
A wonderful idea for a fit person on the go or just someone who wants to eat a good meal. Affordable - great portions, and a super friendly and helpful staff every time. Thank you Chaz and Ida!
At first I thought this would be a good alternative to frozen microwave meals, like Lean Cuisine.  I rationalized that I would be eating freshly prepared meals that were good for me, without having to prepare anything.  After eating the prepared dishes at every meal, for several days in a row, I noticed I was craving water in massive amounts.  I literally could not stop drinking water. I realized that the only thing that was different was the food from My Fit Foods.  So, I actually sat down and read the nutrition label for some of the things I bought.  Every dish was sky high in sodium!  One dish was supposed to constitute 70% of my daily intake of sodium and 30% of my daily intake of cholesterol.  I was floored.  I thought the dishes were healthy.  While many of them have good fats, are high in protein, and have decent amounts of fiber, there are TONS that are loaded with sodium, cholesterol, and saturated fats. Be very careful when you choose what dishes to buy.  The prices are also extremely high.  Additionally, I think most of the meals are much too spicy (I'm convinced that the over abundance of spices is to cover up bland flavor).

If you decide that you absolutely have to order food from them, go online and click on the low sodium tab to see their choices for low sodium dishes.  There are only a few choices, but it would be a shame to lose weight and then develop a heart condition later on.
My wife and I started  the 21 day challenge after Thankgiving. We both loved all the meals and the snacks in between. This was the first time I've  ever dieted and I also started exerciseing and lifting weights for the first time. I initially wanted to start on the program not because I had a lot of weight to lose, but I wanted to get in a routine of eating healthy and avoiding the junk food. I feel so much better and have a lot more energy. I lost 11lbs. in the first three weeks and my wife lost 10lbs. Since finishing the challenge I've lost an additional 9lbs. I plan on continueing to eat heathy and exercising . It really is a lifestyle ! My wife and I plan on continueing to visit the store for our favorite meals and my chocolate protein shake.Thanks to Leah and the staff at My Fit Foods, they were very helpful with our questions and with any concerns we had. Love you guys, you changed our lives forever !!!
I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
I went to visit this store for the first time last night because I was starving and didn't have time to cook dinner. Wow! I was so surprised! This place is the most amazing quick lunch/dinner store I have ever been to.  I got the fresh Salmon and Chicken Fruit Bowl. The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious.  The big surprise was the salad I got for the next day...Sriracha Chicken Salad. I had to work at the office 11 hours straight and didn't know if I was going to make it without lunch, then I remembered I had bought a salad from My Fit Foods...I opened it and the entire office kept asking me how it was because it smelled so good. Needless to say it got me through the day and saved my energy!
I have been wanting to try My Fit Foods for sometime now and am excited to share this review with you. We all lead super busy lives and with that comes the convenience of Fast Food. With working 10 hour days and then spending an hour at the gym it can be hard to prepare healthy dinners. This has always been my biggest struggle. My boyfriend has always been super supportive and often helps out with the cooking but even his schedule can make it hard at times. My fit foods solves this problem! The meals are healthy and properly portioned. They are not frozen and are labeled with expiration dates. The only down fall is this sometimes means making multiple trips to the my fit foods store. This is a small inconvenience that is worth the pain in order to receive fresh meals. When I first did my research and read reviews I became worried about the sodium content of the meals. The sales lady in the store however put my mind at ease by showing me how the meals are coded. They take all diet and health restrictions into account and have a nutritionist on site to help with these concerns. My fit foods is reasonable (roughly around $7 dollars a meal), I received a discount for being a fitness Instructor, they are healthy, and they taste really good! I highly recommend them.
What an amazing idea! The food was outstanding, portioned, and super convenient! I WILL be back. 

Joe was super helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable about the company! We enjoyed great conversation and great food! Thanks Joe!
I'm so glad there's a place like this that exists! I went there for the first time today and it was so good. The place is clean and the customer service was great. I wish I got the young ladies name that helped me. She took the time to tell me how everything worked as well as a bit of background to how the meals are prepared which I appreciate.  You know your getting nothing but the best when the food is fresh. You can either heat the food there or if you work or live nearby you can just take it home.  I'll definitely be back again since I work down the street.  Thank you for the great customer service :)
Ive never been to a place with this concept, and going in i had actually no idea how it really worked. I got there and they layout is super simple but very neat. When I went in I clearly had the most confused look on my face and this super sweet blonde helped me right away. The food was awesome and still tasted amazing after being reheated in the microwave. Not too pricey either!
I am so glad I found this place! Ready made meals that are healthy, fresh, and don't taste bad! Where has this concept been all my life? I have probably cut my average daily caloric intake in half (at least) by getting my food here and I don't feel hungry. When I first looked at their website, I saw that the food came in different portions and assumed that the "small" was going to be like three bites and that's why it was so low calorie. Wrong! I honestly can eat three of these a day with maybe a snack and not feel hungry.

Between working full time and my other regular activities (plus being single and only having myself to feed) cooking just doesn't really fit into my schedule. I tend to eat out way too often, and I was feeling really unhealthy and gaining weight. I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food. 

It isn't cheap, but if your previous lifestyle was like mine, neither was that. If you compare the prices to a family buying in bulk or a student living off ramen and spaghetti, then yes, it's ridiculously expensive. If you compare it to going out to dinner several times a week and grabbing lunch out someplace regularly, it's the same price or cheaper. 

I'm still in the process of trying things and figuring out what I like and what I don't, but so far I have found a fair amount of things that taste good. I add hot sauce to a lot of things or a little salt and pepper, but really, they do a pretty good job.
This place will give you a pre-packaged meal with about the same amount and quality of food as a frozen diet meal. And just like a diet meal, it shows the calorie count, and nutrition info. Only instead of paying about two dollars for a healthy choice or smart one's meal, they charge closer to nine dollars. I thought it was a rip off. The food tastes a lot like a tv dinner. And I was turned off by the fact that they offer to microwave it for you. I will not be returning to spend nine bucks on a one of their overpriced tv dinners.
NOW that I have been to all of the My Fit Foods stores.. I have to say I will review this one NOT on concept...Because the concept...I love... and it works! ... For someone like me... a traveler...a single, fit girl, who has a food allergy and who likes fresh...easy and now... (and by the way...THIS isn't comparing to ANY frozen diet food , hence the other review!.... EVER eat fresh and healthy....Lean Cuisine...frozen and sodium laced with a bunch of preservatives...??? Read your labels, girl!...) This is my go to happy place now! For usually less than $6, I can have a nice fresh, gluten healthy meal that is savvy and diet friendly. I yup that with a nice tossed salad of my making and voila, I have my own need and want to splurge come weekend date time! So with that in mind. This location is just a bit on the 'hover craft' side. But I still like them. Who knows if they are on a commission ... or the 'boss' was lurking in the back watching the staff. I did not like being asked every 10 seconds if I was okay. I said I was okay and I am STILL okay now.. haha... and get this.. I will be in about 1 minute! Can't blame the unfriendly and over helpful though..in these times that is a little hard to come by. My Fit Foods is a great concept. NOW if My Fit Foods could take over the fast food nation maybe America would not be the worlds most obese nation...oh well...it's a dream!
This place is GREAT!  People here are friendly and helpful.  I'm always greeted with a smile, and if I have any questions, they are ready and able to answer.  It's a small store with food in the fridge that was obviously prepared with care and attention.  The food is divided up into meals; breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It is fresh, tasty and will satisfy you with a variety of  choices.  As a vegetarian, I too have many choices and always feel as if I've had a gourmet meal, not just  boring stuff I would slap together for myself. ( There is plenty  variety for the carnivore too!)The prices are very, very reasonable, and very affordable.  

I also bought some snack bars with low calories and high on taste.  These were probably less expensive than bars you would normally get in larger stores, and they are better quality as far as calories and nutrition go. 

I have often thought of visiting each morning and buying three meals a day just to stay healthy. It' would probably be less expensive than all that I spend at Fry's.

I HIGHLY recommend My Fit Foods..
Always on it when I come in before my multi day trips. Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready. I love that this My FF is open on Ray so I don't have to drive up to PV anymore! The staff is knowledgable and always helpful. Love the B12 mix. Always good for flying red eyes and not landing sluggish. Being healthy is a choice and MY FF makes it easy and convenient! Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ? Someday?
I couldn't tell what this place was exactly from the storefront's appearance and name so curiosity got the best of me and I finally went in today.  Great concept!  The woman inside was very nice and helpful in explaining the program to me.  I bought 3 meals to take home and try:  Butternut Pork, Forbidden Chicken and Herb Roasted Chicken.  The pork and the Herb Roasted Chicken both came with the same vegetables; carrots and zucchini.  

My honest opinion??  Not good.  Even with BBQ sauce on the chicken and the veggies...I did not enjoy.  The chicken had a strange 'old' taste and the veggie had no detectable seasoning on them.  They were very bland and strangely, seemed to have absorbed whatever the strange 'old' taste was from the chicken.  The pork had the same weird taste and bland veggies.  I did not enjoy this either.  

The broccolini and rice from the Forbidden Chicken meal were ok.  But the chicken was the exact same as the Herb Roasted, same exact seasoning.  Again, did not enjoy.

I feel confident that the other meals must be better than these because if they all tasted this way, noone would eat here.

Again, I love the concept, and the woman inside was very nice.  I think the prices are ok too, provided the food is fresh, seasoned and enjoyable.  But what I tried tonight was very hard to swallow.  

I am hopeful that I can go back tomorrow and discuss my troubles with someone understanding who might let me 'exchange' the yucky stuff and try some other options.  I understand that every business has a bad day once in a while.  

I really do want to be able to enjoy this place.  Hopefully I can change my rating to a better one!

We'll see!
I still love My Fit Foods. This place is a FRESH food concept different than any other around, & yes, that does mean another Fresh place with foods costing nearly the same. The difference here is, that the food is made fresh and take a look... The ingredients are not processed! It's not a sodium-laden frozen food meal you grab at a grocery store and it lasts into next year, this actually is clean-eating. For those of us who care about what we put into our bodies or with serious allergies, that's very important. Tonight I brought my boyfriend here to stock up on the next five days of meals. Why? Well, because we need a little revamping of our diets and why not get back to clean eating and doing what is good for the body? No. A frozen lean cuisine isn't as good for you as you think; read the label:) What I love, besides that it's made fresh , and local, is that you can order and pick it up when your ready and they will adhere to any allergy or dietary needs that you have. Kombucha !!