I eat here for my birthday every year.  Love the nepalese food, especially the jasmine rice.  You really can't miss, I've never heard any complaints about any of the food.  About $18-22 for an entree, and worth every penny.  Much better than its sister restaurant Himil Chuli.  Nice atmosphere and window seating.  A State Street can't miss....5 stars.
I've eaten here twice now, and both were outstanding experiences. In particular I've enjoyed the strawberry lassi (though it does take them some time to make) and the appetizers, which are amazingly fresh. The entrees also deserve praise for their variety and interesting combination of ingredients... which, again, are amazingly fresh. In general my impression is that these folks really strive for the freshest ingredients possible with an enjoyable, slow-food delivery.
Tonya and I apparently eat at all the same restaurants! I frequently see her new reviews and am reminded of them as places I need to review...

With that, I have eaten at both Chautara and Himal Chuli and I think both are excellent. Chautara is more expensive, boasts a more sophisticated environment and somewhat more upscale food. Personally, I prefer Himal Chuli, but that's because I love dives, and I like that I can go up and attempt to communicate with the little Nepalese woman cooking my food in the small, cramped kitchen. 

In that kind of place, I'm not looking for amazing service, so it doesn't bother me that they are friendly without being overly attentive. I have had a great lunch at Chautara too though. The service, food and atmosphere were excellent. Both restaurants are great places to find uncommon cuisine that appears to be very authentic. Adventurous eaters who desire a somewhat upscale experience will definitely love Chautara.
Turning the laws of economics on their collective heads, there are two fantastic Nepalese establishments mere feet from each other in Madison. 

While there is some connection between the two (I believe the same family owns both) and they both serve tasty and comforting food, the slight differences are noticeable.  Chautara clearly provides a higher end dining experience.  Less crowding, better wait service, more pleasant views.  However, folks with more respectable palates than mine claim the food at Himlu Chuli is more flavorful.  Perhaps a higher level of delicious that I can't quite discern.

In any case, they're both worth a visit.
There is a lot to love in Chautara, a wonderfully tasty, two story, restaurant along State St. I was in town over this past weekend for a conference and with the help of local Yelper reviews, I had to check it out when I arrived. At 9pm on Friday during the Badgers' spring break Chautara was mostly empty with only about 5 tables occupied. Service was excellent with just the right amount of attention balanced with leaving us to our dinner conversation. The funny thing is that our local conference organizers took us to Chautara on Saturday night, and I was happy to return to try something else on the menu. At 6pm on Saturday the tables were full, but not so much to make our group of 18 wait more than a few minutes to set up tables. The service was equally as good and attentive with a full house as it was the night before. 

The food was superb, although if you like it hot, then ask for some chili paste on the site to add to your dish. On Friday I had the goat, but I can't remember the name - it was the only goat on the menu. Luscious spices and if you like your goat well cooked - you're in luck. On Saturday I had the Rogan Josh, a Kashmiri dish, also excellent. The steamed vegetarian - samosa like - appetizer was also delicious.
This is a great spot for the weary traveler who happens upon Madison. We dined outdoors and the service was casual but friendly and the State Street ambience very pleasant despite a bus or two and the accompanying exhaust.

Both lamb dishes we tried were very flavorful, amply portioned and reasonably priced. All-in-all a nice dining experience and we'll be headed back there on our next visit.
very awesome food. the appetizers were the best part. we got the chef's choice vegetarian array and all dumplings, samosas etc were wonderful. seitan and tofu korma dinners were both tasty. dal was not warm which was surprising but maybe that's the way they do it in nepal.
My first favorite restaurant in Madison. The dal and roti are excellent and the service is great. A bit costly.
Thank you Yelp and Yelp members! I found this place on yelp to save me from eating at Applebee's. Bleh. My father in-law gave us a couple of choices and Applebee's was amongst the disgusting display of non-foodieness.

Chautara on the other hand, what a fantastic discovery. We all ordered something we liked. Nobody ordered the wrong thing. The mother in-law side of the family are all vegetarians, so when we get a chance to go out...we grub on meat. Between us, we ordered the lamb palunga, khaya la, lamb secuwa, some talapia dish and some beef with yogurt thingy. All really good. So good that my daughter says to the server, " this is so good, and I'm a really picky eater. I'm lovin' this"
I'm proud of my girl.

All the entrees come with dal (lentil soup) or a really nice green salad. 

Service is really warm and friendly. Price is great. They have a terrific selection for those who are vegetarians. 

Nepalese food, good.
Great food....a little on the expensive side if u are out for just a casual dinner....but the food is well worth the money I think!

If you are there with a special someone (of if u r not), try to get one of the tables by the window on the 2nd floor....the view of State st. is enchanting....especially around X'mas with lights on the trees.
3.5. After reading the rave reviews of this place my expectations for it were rather high. The appetizers my party ordered certainly got things off on the right foot. A sampling of different eggplant, potato and peanut based finger foods, all quite good, served with yogurt and a Nepali version of "salsa." 

One thing I noticed right off the bat was the snobbish atmosphere and the cold demeanor of the staff. The service was rather indifferent, and you were made to feel like the place is doing you some big favor by having you there. Quite frankly, this snobbish and "cooler than thou" atmosphere is something I've noticed in quite a few Madison establishments I've been in. I've come to expect this kind of treatment when I'm in Madison. 

Of course, if the food was all of that, then I suppose the folks at Chautara could be excused for holding themselves on a pedestal. But while my appetizers were quite good, the entree was underwhelming. Over salted, and, surprisingly, quite bland. Overall my entree, combined with the haughty atmosphere and treatment by the staff lead me to knock a couple of stars off. I give the appetizer menu the full five, though.
Good food.  Basically Indian, to my uneducated palate.  The mango lassie was a little dull.  The food was yummy.  Even my kids ate the entire bowl of dal.  Two people had the lamb curry and enjoyed it - I thought it was a little salty, but I didn't order it.  I had the salad with grilled chicken breast.  Next time I would ask for the citrus vinaigrette on the side because the bottom of the bowl was swimming.  We also had an order of tandoorie chicken kabob and some tofu kabob, both of which were completely eaten and enjoyed.
Service was friendly with many hands to help.  The ambience has some of that State St. grunge feel.  But, you're on State St., so, duh.
We enjoyed speculating as to the nature of the statue in the entrance.
Took some friends there to thank them for helping me move. We needed good vegetarian food and good beer within walking distance of my place, and it fit the bill perfectly. 
I thought the chef's choice appetizers were delicious and a great deal, as well as the beer selection and prices. The entrees were tasty too, but I've had much better indian food.
Our waiter was patient and cheerful, and best of all, we ate al fresco, and the weather was so gorgeous, a man at the table next to us in his magnanimity, treated us to almond joy ice cream. mmm.
I'd never had Nepalese food before coming here.  Now I visit Chautara several times a month.  The food is somewhat similar to Indian, but feels much lighter.  Nothing I've ever ordered here was oily or greasy, and I never feel weighed down after a meal.  There are lots of veggies in most of the dishes, and everything has a lot of flavor, so it's a good place for vegetarians.  As an omnivore, I really appreciate that the veggie dishes are not the least bit bland or boring.  They have two choices of salad dressing: both are great, both are on the sweet side.  The vinaigrette is tangier.  Their house soup is like dal and is fantastic.  i've never had anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious.  If you are on a budget their lunches are quite affordable.  My only wish is that they had a bigger variety of (non-booze) drinks.
The food here is good and fresh, but it's not totally different from its next door neighbor (and sister restaurant), Himal Chuli. Chautara is the upscale one of the two (which accepts credit cards), and is a good place to take a date. Prices are on the higher side, but Himal Chuli has become more expensive as of late too, so either one is a good bet if you're looking for Nepalese-Tibetan food.
Stopped by for a late lunch after catching a film during the Wisconsin Film Festival.  The film was rather dark and depressing.  The stomach was empty and growling.  My sister took me here and noted she takes everyone here.

The dal was ok, the samosa was great despite the sweet sauce it came floating on top of.  This is my opinion though. I'd rather coat my potato-y goodness in mint and cilantro.

My dosa was pretty good and the spice was just enough, not too much.  My sister's chicken korma was good.  I was digging the gigantic chunks of potato on her plate.  I stole them while she wasn't looking.

I want to bathe in the coconut chutney served on the side.

Pictures of dishes posted for your viewing pleasure.  :)
I've come to the conclusion that this place is overrated and overpriced despite all the good things I've heard. 

I'm not quite sure if I'm willing to pay more than $7 for any meat curry (and they're asking for $15 or more) and I'm also not too keen with what I ate -- I felt that the curry was either too Westernized or watered down (not spicy enough, somewhat bland, had some vegetables that seemed out of place for the dish) and the chicken meat was just too rough.

I've been disappointed in the two times I've been there and I personally find Himal Chuli to be the better of the two restaurants (even though I also find Himal Chuli to be overpriced).
Better than Himal Chuli because they have the tofu wrap lunch special. 

It's like $8, big, comes with dal (yay) or salad (great dressing), makes me happy before 3 pm. It's pretty much my favorite thing to eat in Madison.

Otherwise, the seitan is good, the tofu buff is better. Their dal has fresher and generally more interesting ingredients than Himal Chuli. 

Sidenote: Service is completely unpredictable. They tip-share so I feel like they're often overworked and some people put in more effort than others, which is too bad because the food rocks.
Very good value, very tasty food, friendly service that seemed to become distracted towards the very end of the meal.

Having never been to Nepal (but the cuisine is not strictly nepalese?) I can't judge the authenticity of the food, but my Lamb Secuwa was nicely crispy and moist, and well-complemented by a flavorful herbed rice and decent curried vegetables.  The dal was tasty but runnier than what I prefer, with subtle but well balanced flavors.  

Excellent beers!
Really freakin awesome... A little pricey, but totally with it. At first I was disappointed that the portion I got was small, but that was just the fat American in me. The food was just right amount, wonderful relaxing ambiance, and prompt *cute* and friendly wait staff. Totally recommend.
Love this place. Good Nepalese food for the middle of the midwest at a good price.

The restaurant has a nice modern atmosphere and outdoor seating on state street during the summer. Wait staff are very friendly

The food is incredibly tasty, decent portions, at a good price. Definitely the best options if you are a vegetarian, but more meat options than their sister restaurant, Himal Chuli
I highly recommend the Lamb Secuwa, it's perfectly spiced and incredibly flavorful.
Madisonian mediocrity strikes again. The equation for restaurants around here seems to be mediocre food, and small servings, at unjustified prices. The service was good, the place was cute, but seriously, nothing on the menu was worth even close to what they were charging. I know I keep talking about my sweet home Chicago, but there are several places there, where you could probably get twice the quantity, five times the quality, and all at half the price. I think in Madison, when it comes to ethnic dining, that people are so hell bent on embracing diversity through food, that all common sense about judging quality and value go out the window.
Chautara and I have been dear friends since back in the day. My family came here the night before Christmas Eve, and basically had the whole upstairs to ourselves. We had spot on service (hey, he only had one table...but he also managed to take about 20 pictures for us), and great food. 

I think that the way to go is vegetarian here. Some of the fam ordered halibut (the night's special), but it just wasn't as special as it could have been. The veggies on the side, however, were awesome. Or, get a vegetarian entree, plus the Rogan Josh (lamb marinated in yogurt), with the side salad (poppyseed dressing, trust), maybe some samosas or the fried chickpea app, and you will and your partner will be happy (but full) campers. The daal is good, too, but lord there is something amazing about the salad.

I agree, you can probably get cheaper, better Nepalese food in Chicago, but this is Madison...let's be realistic.
Molly O., don't be an apologist for mediocre food and poor value. If anything, prices in Madison should be cheaper for the simple fact that the every day cost of living here is significantly cheaper. I am being quite realistic in my assessment of Chautara being a mediocre rip off... but if by "this is Madison" you imply that it's just that folks here don't know any better, you're right.
The food is very tasty. My favorite tofu of all time is at this place as part of the tofu secuwa. They grill it on kebobs till it gets a light, almost flaky, texture while seated between delightful vegetables. Mmm, I have a problem ordering anything else when I go there.

They have very professional service. Sometimes it's a bit slow, but they're very respectful, attentive and have yet to make a single mistake on an order; that's worth an extra minute here and there. 

Good for vegetarians and omnivores alike.

I gave the place a 4 instead of 5 due to being a bit pricier and fancier than I generally like. If you're willing to pay a little extra for the tranquil atmosphere, more than enough elbow room around your table, and well paired wines, Chautara will probably suit you wonderfully.
I'm not a food expert by any means, so for me, Chautara falls under the "Indian food" umbrella. Buuut, it's by far the best "Indian food" I've ever had. the last few times I've gone, I've gotten the chicken secuwa, and it's been fantastic every time. Very flavorful, and not spicy like I worried it might be; the dal is also REALLY good.

My only complaint is the cost, but that's because a college student can't really afford a $16-$18 meal all that often. For the occasional date night, though, or a dinner with family, it's great!
Sunday April 19. Travelling through Madison from Chicago. Yelped this little place and was nicely impressed. Chefs appetizer plate was mainly fried but tasty. Entree would have been the perfect amount of food. Side daal or salad served before meal. Goat curry was mild, tender and tasty. Simple atmosphere. Fast and friendly service. Would go here all the time if it were in my own neighbourhood.
I've never actually been to a proper Nepalese/Himilayan restaurant, and so when the opportunity to try one in Madison came up I was intrigued.

The food was awesome!

We started with an appetizer of  cauliflower battered with garbanzo baste and fried with a spice tomato dipping sauce, followed by a Vegetarian Lentil soup with chunky tomatoes and onions.  We ordered as well a curried chicken burrito with greens and seasoning and basmati rice but it was too much to eat so we took it to go.

Gotta mention the lemonade -- very fragrant and light, and free refills!

We loved Chautara, I'd be happy to go back!
This was the first time I've actually ever heard of a Nepalese/Himalayan Restaurant so I was happy to know the company I was interviewing for decided to bring us here for dinner.
My order consisted of Momocha and Mumari for appetizers and Khasi Ko Masu as an entree.
The Momocha was basically a steamed vegetable dumpling served with a side sauce. For me, it tasted very much like any other vegetable dumpling so if you want to be more adventurous, I'd recommend ordering the Mumari.
The Mumari is a mung bean pattie spiced with garlic and ginger served with a side of yogurt sauce two other sauces that I couldn't figure out. The patty was crunchy and not greasy at all. Adding the yogurt and the two other sauces really completed the flavor due to the creaminess and very slightly sourness of the yogurt but the freshness and earthiness of the two other sauces.
Last, I had the Khasi Ko Masu as per the recommendation of the server. Khasi Ko Masu uses goat meat with a blend of curry and vegetables. I was actually pretty excited to order this since I've never had goat meat before and the goat that was used was farm raised in Wisconsin. The goat meat was tender and fell of the bone easily. Goat meat definitely tastes much different than any other meat I've had but the cut of meat I was served resembled beef short ribs. I would say that goat meat is like beef but much more earthier. The blend of curry spices and vegetables was a nice addition to the dish, adding so many layers of flavors and textures.
In total, this place was a good find and a great place for an Asian like me to experience so many different foods prepared in various ways. A great place to go to if you are vegetarian as well.
Disclaimer: This is based pretty much on service.

I went here with my mom before going to Wicked. It was 5:00pm and the show was at 7:00. We told the waitress we were on slight time constraints and she seemed to understand.

We started off by ordering the chef's appetizer. A mix of appetizers for two people. That came up in maybe 10 minutes. The actual appetizer was pretty good, although mostly fried, which is a downside. 

We ordered our entree at the same time as the appetizer. We decided to split a shrimp/scallop dish. After receiving our appetizer we waited for THIRTY MINUTES. The waitress didn't stop by. Didn't say anything. So we just sat and talked and picked at the appetizer. Finally she came over and said "we ran out of scallops, do you want to order something else?"

At this point I was pretty annoyed that 40 minutes after ordering she tells us the item is out. So I told her, "we've been sitting here 30 minutes and you just now tell us?" She replies, "I was waiting for you to finish your appetizer before putting in the dinner order."

WHAT?? I've been a waitress before. I understand pacing a meal. She should have put in the dinner order when she delivered the appetizer. Not to mention we had been finished with the appetizer for 20 minutes before she came over. Had she stopped by the table or asked she would have known that.

So we left. At that time it was already 6:00, so we only had an hour before show time and the restaurant was starting to get busy. I've heard great things about Himal Chuli so I may give that a try, but I won't be back here.
You know you're in for a good meal when they nail the simple things.  The dal that came as an app was a perfect blend of textures and flavors.  After that, a local pale Ale balanced off the lean and tender goat beautifully. Loved it!
This was my first experience with Nepalese food - it's similar to Indian food, but what we ordered was less saucy than Indian food. I highly recommend the Chef's Choice appetizer plate, the dal, and the fish dishes. The chicken tandoori also looked delicious! Service was just ok, but the food was delicious and healthy! This restaurant is an expansion of Himal Chuli a few doors down.
We were up in the capital protesting the Repair Budget Bill, and needed to get warm and eat.  We only waited about 10 minutes and the staff was very courteous.  I ordered the curry lamb, it was small in portion, served with white rice.  The lamb was quite tasty, but the sauce was more of a cream sauce then a curry.  Hardly any spice. I ordered roti and what came out look more like a fried pita.  No sauces for the bread.  My friends ordered a tofu sandwich, again on a Pita and Marsala Dosa.  They enjoyed them and the meal filled them up and we did get warm. Probably would not go back though.
First time here for dinner, based on reviews from a friend (her fav). Saturday night, made reservations, but not necessarily needed (it was only slightly busy). My date and I had our preference of tables upstairs, though ended up between two large groups (but okay, because it never got too loud). The ambiance was perfect and our waitress was probably one of the best I've ever had. Got a bottle of wine (decent price for the choice), and started with the Chef's Choice app. A great starter, though we had to pay for two. The waitress gave us her favorite menu item (Rogan Josh, which my date ordered), and I got the Beef Secuwa. The best part was the waitress waited until our app was done before bringing salads, and waited to bring the entree until we finished the salads. Finally, a place I didn't fee rushed to eat my food! The food had just the right amount of flavor and was cooked well. Portion size was good for the money, and leftovers were taken home. I'll be back to try more menu items!
While looking for a different restaurant, we came upon this one, and stopped in for a quick dinner.  Although the attitude of one of the waitstaff was a bit offputting, we got good care from our waitress, and the food was delicious.  Light, tasty, spiced nicely without severe heat, I'd be back there in a flash.  If I lived here, this one would be a place that I'd probably visit at least twice monthly.
We ate here on a business trip and were very pleased. I had the Bandipuri and my partner had Khaya La, and both were excellent. The dal was a little bland, but the waiter provided some hot chili paste and that fixed that. They also gave me a glass of ice to pour my hot chai into -- it's Wisconsin, the idea of iced chai is apparently not something they'd thought of. :-) We split an order of kheer for dessert; it was average, with a little less cinnamon/cardamom than I'm used to.  If you like mid-continent Asian food, you're sure to find something good to eat here.
I went here rather than Himal Chuli because I had a friend in town that doesn't like spicy food. This was the right place! Everything was bland and about 1/4 as good as Himal Chuli. It was way over-priced for what it was and I won't go back unless I need to feed someone with bland tastes and or an inexperienced palette. The momocha were tiny and tasteless, soy sauce was the dominant flavoring and I could have made all of these dishes at home. Don't waste your money on this place if you like tasty, well-seasoned food.
The food is great, but there are equally good and cheaper places nearby. I also saw management ream a poor server for having trouble opening the wine. Over react much? And if you must, don't lose it in front of the customers please. Makes a very uncomfortable dining experience for my friends and me.
Great food.
It's fine.  I was expecting and wanting more.  My husband is from India via UK and he said it was ok.

Nothing spectacular. 

Very midwest.

That's all.
A fairly nice and cozy restaurant, by Midwest / Wisconsin standard.

I came with a friend of mind and we had samosa, dal, pangulo kha and another dish with lamb. The samosa and dal was so-so but the chicken (pangulo kha) and lamb was pretty good. It's a lil pricey though for the place ~ $40/2 with only water. I can find better food for less in Chicago.
I wish I could give this place a 4! But the flavor just wasn't there, nor the portions for the price. This restaurant is on State St. and definitely has a hide-away on State St. feel. 

I did appreciate that there were about 5 vegetarian options. They also have sampler dinner platters for $25/person. I ordered the paneer dish (I can't recall if it was Chana or Masala paneer). I did like that all entrees came with choice of soup or salad. We ordered one of each. The lentil soup was very good, nice spices and depth. The salad was nice, a normal side salad. Fresh ingredients. 

I was disappointed in my entree. It was $12, came with a scoop of rice (maybe 2/3 c, which is fine for my waist line) and the dish itself was mostly paneer. It desperately needed two things: vegetables, and more spices! The paneer was delicious and hot, but it was a LOT of paneer (probably 8-10 ounces, which would be about 1000 calories from the cheese alone) and no veggies. There was a bit of tomato (perhaps 1 tablespoon...). The sauce was very minimal (just barely coating the cheese). 

Dinner companion (boyfriend) had some lamb dish and said it was okay but also seriously lacked flavor, and we agreed on 3 stars. 

We also had lassis, one mango and one strawberry. They did taste homemade. They were much thinner than a regular lassi, so I decided to believe this meant fewer calories. 

The bill came to $40. It felt like too much for what we got and the serious lack of flavor and spice.
While the food here isn't bad, I am practically duty-bound to leave a 1-star review for Chautara due to the unacceptably poor level of service I received one Saturday afternoon. 

I had such a terrible dining experience here that a friend and I actually got up and walked back to the kitchen to complain about how poor of a job they were doing. It takes a lot for me to vocalize directly to the restaurant staff that they're ruining my meal, because of how painful and uncomfortable of an experience it is for both parties. I also hate that I'll end up manipulating my way into (or having my opinion manipulated by) a comped check; yet this was such an incredibly embarrassing and infuriating waste of time that I was outraged by the $9 discount they offered for me my trouble.

Their response to a clearly-upset customer was to hand me an order ticket and have me write my complaints in the empty space on the back. So I had to return to my table and scribble down all their problems for them, while I should have been enjoying my own meal that they had failed to deliver up to this point. I promptly ran out of space on the ticket and handed it back to them, and watched them pin it up on the wall next to their take out orders. At no point was I even offered the chance to speak with a manager.

We had come here with a friend who was gluten-intolerant, on the recommendation of a local gluten-free group's listing of "gluten-free-friendly" restaurants in Madison (I've since e-mailed them to recommend they remove Chautara). They had apparently been mistaken, because when asked about the menu the server was practically clueless as to what it meant nor could he fetch someone that did know. After insisting that 90% of the menu contains gluten and shrugging (i.e. not offering any alternatives), my friend ultimately ended up ordering the salmon salad. That is, until the server returned about TWENTY MINUTES LATER to inform her that they could not fry up a piece of salmon without using gluten - why I can do this in my kitchen at home, but a bunch of trained chefs at a restaurant cannot do so, is beyond my comprehension. 

It also blows my mind how the waiter could not be bothered to go back to the kitchen and say "hey guys, remember how we got accolades for accommodating gluten-free customers? Can we do whatever we did then and whip up something for her that has no gluten?"  Nope. I'm just gonna stand here like an idiot and shrug at her. The lack of flexibility was appalling. Even McDonald's will change up my burger if I ask.

So, about 45 minutes in, we receive our fucking appetizers. They're decent but I can't even notice because at this point I'm so seething mad about how long the food has taken and how I've brought my friend to a restaurant where the waiter insults her. Main course shows up maybe another half hour later, and my friend's plate (a plain salad) twenty minutes after that.

The thing is, when you have a really good meal at a really bad restaurant, your customer isn't going to remember you for the food. They're going to remember you for the abuse you put them through, and so the details of my meal are inconsequential to this review. 

Keep in mind that my friend's unusual diet was not the root of our problems. It was the unbelievably slow and unprofessional service, which affected every customer who was present that day. At one point someone saw the aforementioned salad being assembled leaf-by-leaf. 

When a customer walks in to your restaurant they're not just a bag of money - they are also choosing to invest 30-45 minutes of their time for you. When you rip a customer off for their time, thus making the experience the opposite of what they expected, it is far less forgivable than ripping them off for their money. At least the menu has prices to narrow the disparity between expectations and reality.

I walked out of the restaurant two hours after I had entered, regretting that I had ever come there and swearing that I and hopefully nobody I know will ever go there again.
Wow!  I am gluten intolerant and had a great meal here.  The servers were super accommodating.  I'll definitely be back!
Great food!  Try the Secuwa!
I was thrilled to find a place that does dosas in Madison. I was disappointed when my dosa was somehow dry and soggy at the same time. My dal was delicious. My dining companion's paneer dish was decent. The restaurant interior is gorgeous. I'd come back to try other options, including the Nepalese side of the menu.
Blah! Why are you here, when you could be literally next door at Himal Chuli eating the same food for less in a friendlier atmosphere?

Doink, only go here if you want to impress your business partners, not if you want to actually enjoy yourself.
Giving it 5 starts on a gut-feel metric (pun acknowledged) - my wife and I are taking a rare night out for dinner and a show. What place do we pick of all the great dining in downtown Madison? Chautara - great atmosphere, fabulous food, reliable service (key if you have a show to make). I just have a warm feeling thinking about going here, like re-reading your favorite book.
T: You have hard liquor right? Not just beer and wine? 
CHAUTARA: Uhm, not really. 
T: You don't have a fully stocked bar? 
CHAUTARA: Uhm, I guess we have liquor but we don't have a bartender, so there's like nobody here that can do anything with it. 
T: If I walk you through it, can YOU do it? 
CHAUTARA: Oh, yeah, yeah I can do that. 

And yeah, yeah, you can do Chautara, but I'd say save some dollah dollah bills and head down the block to Himal Chuli. There's was nothing bad about our experience, I just feel as though the evening at Himal Chuli is a touch more authentic, the space itself is cooler and it's more cost effective if you're sharing multiple plates. The menu at Chautara is a touch limited but super accessible for someone just trying out Nepalese for the first time. We totally dug the starters though. About 6 plates large enough to share, too large if you're getting an entree. I'll head back and maybe stick to that side of the menu, the larger entrees didn't leave as large of an impression.
Great food, good service. Nice wines. I love the tofu secuwa and the dal soup.
Decent food+bad service+bad value= two stars.

I went to Chautara with a group of seven or eight people.  It was very crowded and the waiter was running around like a mad man.  Taking orders felt more like an interrogation, and while I would have liked to order another beer he never asked.  One member of our party didn't get his entree until they were clearing everyone else's plate (to their credit, they comped his meal-- it definitely would have been one star without that).

The food was actually pretty tasty-- I ordered lamb korma and enjoyed it.  But the portion sizes were very small and the price (16$) was completely outrageous for three small chunks of lamb and white rice.  I definitely won't be going back.
I went here for dinner (on a Monday night) on the recommendation of a friend.  Was planning to order something veggie, and all their veggie options were appealing...  but when I saw the Khasi Ko Masu  I couldn't pass it up.  (I love love love eating goat!)

(KHASI KO MASU $17
Wisconsin farm rasied goat meat, a favorite dish of the Himalayan region. Prepared bone-in, in a home blend of curry sauce with tomatoes and cilantro with a side of sauteed vegetables. Served with rice and choice of dal or salad.)

I had it with dal and Chiya (pronounced Chai-uh, not chia....  don't make the same mistakes as me....) which is a sort of milk tea.

The dal was more like a soup than the Indian version of Daal.  It was excellent...  spicy, temperature-hot, and had a variety of veggie and beany textures in it.  I could imagine this being an excellent cure for the common cold or stomach pangs.   

Chiya was fine, it's not all honeyed and spiced up the way Indian chai is, but it was nice, warm, refreshing.  

The goat was one of the best goat-meals I've ever had.  The menu says "bone in" but mine didn't have any bones.  It was soft as pot-roast, excellently spiced, perfect portion size.  

Maybe a little expensive, but hey, the place is right downtown, it's very nice inside.  Service was excellent.  Haters gonna hate, but I loved this place.  Next time I'm in Madison I'll have to try Himal Chuli and see what the fuss is all about...  but Chautara's goat is going to be hard to top.
I had such a great lunch here!

No, I'm not an expert on cuisine from Nepal...but this was good enough for me to keep trying other places like this.  

I went on a Thursday around 2pm for lunch.  It was completely empty, so my service was great!  The food took a while to come out; but when it did it was super delicious.

I love how you can get dal or salad.  The dal had just the right amount of kick, and was so lovely with the depth of other spices.  For my entree, I ordered the steak kebab with fire roasted veggies and rice.  The steak had a crazy good garlic sauce on top.  I'm going to try to imitate it at home!  Veggies were great, and the rice was so flavorful.

The prices were good, and my waitress was very friendly.  I definitely recommend this place for a fun lunch!
I went here today not knowing what to expect. The service was a tad slow, but the amazing food made up for that. I ordered a Chicken Tandoori and my husband had a dish with curry sauce. We also had an order of bread. We were both blown away by the quality of the food and the many flavors found in the dishes. The bread was nice and buttery. I will definitely be returning here in the future.
I have to say, not real impressed. Was super excited about trying Nepalese food for the first time, BUT

-The mango lassi was lukewarm.
-The dal was lukewarm.
-My saag was blandish. I used salt (I NEVER use salt).

The samosa was yummy, but it was the boyfriend's. He said his chicken dish was decent, so maybe I just lucked out last night.

The server seemed a bit panicked and it was hard to pin her down for more than 10 secs at a time. Not her fault, but the place seemed under-staffed.

Meh.
this place comprises the sum total of my experience with nepalese food, but by any standard it is delicious.  i am a carnivore and they do have meat, but i never stray from madison's best vegetarian dishes.  the takari changes daily and all are good.  also rock himal's combo platter. flatbread is the platonic ideal.  salad dressing is also addictive.
I guess I can't comment on authenticity as this is the only place I've ever eaten Nepali food.  But it tastes great, you'll find nothing like it anywhere else in Madison...its relatively healthy and its not a chain...just a comfy, small place on State St. that you should visit...soon!
Like fellow reviewers, I've never eaten Nepali food outside of here and its sister restaurant Chautara, I've had several amazing meals here. Simple fresh food in the traditionally laid-back State Street atmosphere. Everything I have had was good here. Great for vegetarians and those seeking a unique ethnic-fod experience.
This is one of the restaurants that I wish would incarnate itself in every city I live in.  Where to start... the spicy potato and slightly peanutty momochas are wondrous and tasty little dumplings.  The dal (lentil soup) and roti (flat bread) are completely amazing. I have tried several of the dishes and have never been disappointed.  If you are intimidated by the menu, check out the Himal sampler platter. Seating is limited and the restaurant is usually crowded during the dinner time, I usually prefer to come during the odder times of the day.  There are plenty of vegetarian dishes but there is also an ample selection of meat dishes. (beef, lamb, chicken, etc)
However, don't let the crowded-ness keep you away from the amazing and unique food.
I felt this place was a little overrated. Being something of a fan of Nepalese food, I found this place over-vegetarian and under-spiced, and the service was a bit slow. 

Still, it's a nice alternative to the beer-and-brats fare of the Great North.
Himal Chuli was my first experience with Nepali food, and I loved it then.  I've since tried much more Nepali food, and realize that Himal Chuli isn't the best out there, and is a little bit blander than I tend to like.  Still, the food is very tasty, and it's an excellent place to be a vegetarian.  Plus, the prices are rock-bottom (or were, when I was there-- it's been a few years).   Good, cheap food?  That is the way to Melody's heart.  You betcha.
Best momos and momochas I have ever had................this place is a bit of an institution on State Street. 

Worth the visit.
Himal Chuli has potential. The mysterious eyes on the restaurant's front door are a replica of what is painted on a major Buddhist temple in Kathmandu. 

It is very cool that the servers take their pouring skills seriously: they basically hold a water pitcher sky high and the water comes cascading into your glass perfectly. This is a Nepalese cultural tradition I have observed before. 

I am also impressed by the dal soup. It is flavorful, without ever being watery, but does not have that gross consistency of split pea soup. Our server was also kind and pleasant, ready to help us at any moment.

The rest of the food is just so-so. The name momos (cute name for dumplings) cannot mask the fact that they are just dull-tasting. Whatever chicken and vegetable dish I ordered had its bitter, blase moments.  But then again, I am spoiled, having actually traveled to Nepal to dine on authentic, native food, so of course the cuisine even replicated in the US is going to come up short to me.
I love this place.  The Dahl is amazing.  The samosas are the best I've had.  Not greasy.  This is the kind of place you can eat out and almost all the choices are healthy.  The large number of vegetarian entrees are wonderful.  The daily specials (tarkari) are so good.  My favorite is the Cauli.  The salad is great.  Never had the meat dishes, but I hear they're good too.

If I could only pic two restaurant to visit for the rest of my life, it would be here and Lao Laan Xang.
Yum....I dream of this restaurant when not in Madison.  I eat there every time I return.  From the moment I walk throught he door, I smell curries and feel transported.

In the summer, I enjoy sitting on the streest-side terrace sipping minted water and in the winter, I enjoy warming up with a hot chai tea.  I like everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  The momos, momochas and takaris are favorites.  I love the dahl and the naan.  There are two takaris to choose from each day.  Last time I shared sample platters with a friend so that we could have a bit of everything.  

I will dream of momo until next time...
Himal Chuli has good food.  However, they also gave me food poisoning.  Years later,  I was dragged back in there.  While the follow-up trip did not give me food poisoning, it did give my friend (the one who made me go there) food poisoning.  I could only say "told ya so."  

So...yeah.  Even though the food was technically tasty, I think I'll stick to other places that didn't make me feel like I was dying afterwards.
I love love love this place....one of my favorite places in town....pretty much a hole in the wall next to it's trendier cousin, Chautara.....but the food is just as good, if not better...and definitely cheaper!....and if you are sitting outside on a pleasant saturday afternoon, who cares how dingy they are inside.

My only complaint is that although it's very reasonable for dinner, they have the same prices for lunch, so it makes it slightly on the expensive side, given that you can find cheaper lunch options that are just as good...i mean you are on State street!

Nonetheless, lunch or dinner, I'd definitely go here over and over again!
MMM just saying the name brings back the best food memories a girl can carry with her on this long journey called life.  I have spent many a wonderful winter and summer evening in this little cozy nook of a restaurant.  It is small and seating is tight inside, but the colors and Nepali decor are so warm and inviting.  This is by far one of my most missed dining experiences in Madison.  

I never even knew I liked Nepalese or any variation of Indian food, until I was taken here by one of my best friends.  It has now become a ritual whenever I visit.  

The Roti ahhh salty and warm, the dal ahh the perfect blend of warmth, spice and flavor.  I typically stick the the usual dish of Chicken Buff which never disappoints and like to end the meal with the Cinnamon Lassi.  For the vegetarian's out there this place has many options without meat.  If you haven't tried it, go now!  I promise you will not regret it.  Just remember to take cash or a checkbook as they don't take cards.
*Great* place.  Went here while visiting Madison (beat the students flooding into the city by just two days).  Food was very well made, authentic-tasting (though, for the record, it's only my second time eating Nepalese food), and very healthy.  Service was at the speed of mom-and-pop shop, not conveyor belt -- that's either good or bad depending on your preference.  Unfrortunately I can't remember the names of the dishes to describe them in detail, but I can say this: mango lasse (South Asian milkshake) made from fresh mangoes.  Y. U. M.
Himal Chuli is one of the flagship veg-friendly restaurants in Madison. It's a super-small and friendly place, which can get filled up pretty quickly during peak hours, so keep that in mind. Also keep in mind that this place isn't great for groups larger than two or three, given the limited space.

I noticed that they've increased their prices, and the more sophisticated dishes (such as the ones with seitan) are $15, while their 'tarkari' (vegetarian) combo selections are around $7-9, and served with a small herbal-bean soup, a main dish, and either rice or roti (note: the roti doesn't appear to be vegan).

These are steep prices, considering the place is CASH or CHECK-ONLY, so make sure to carry at least $40 or more, if you plan to splurge on dishes.

The food is wonderful. It's fresh, light and simple and feels home-cooked. It's rare that you find South Asian food like this (and I would know, as I'm South Asian myself and eat out almost every day). They have rotating 'tarkari' selections; the last time I went I had a combo meal with a butternut squash curry and also a spinach-blackeyed peas-potato dish.

I wish Himal Chuli were 100% vegetarian, because Madison desperately needs an all-vegetarian restaurant, especially on State St., but, as it stands, Himal Chuli is as good as it gets.
This is my favorite restaurant, and not just because "Vegetarian" is the main section of the menu with "Non-Vegetarian" at the back.  (What a refreshing change of pace!)  The food is amazing enough to make up for the moderately high prices.  EVERYTHING they serve is delicious; even their water is freshened with lemon and mint.  

The restaurant is small and can feel a little cramped during busy times, which is why I often go during off-peak times (11:00-noon or in the late afternoon).  I like to sit at their outdoor tables in summer and read a book while enjoying State St. and a wonderful meal.

If you're going for the first time, get their combination platter with a lassi or cup of chiya (chai).  On your second visit, try the takari or one of the "buff" dishes.

They do not take credit card, which has resulted in a couple embarrassing dashes to the ATM for me, but the waitstaff are quite friendly and understanding.  They also give 10% off for Bicycle Benefits stickers, so if you love the food but are on a budget, bike there!
VERY small inside, but I like that because it weeds out the people who are hesitant to begin with.  I LOVE everything on their menu!  The dahl is delicious and I have to get a mango lasse every time I'm there.  I've tried over half their menu and have never been disappointed.  I'm getting really hungry just typing about this place!
This is a lovely restaurant with very delicately and subtly seasoned food.  Tibetan food to me seems a lighter and more understated, but yet more flavorful Indian food.  The setting here is unpretentious, and can I say, somewhat spiritual.  I love this restaurant and eat here every time I visit Madison.
Himal Chuli is the sister restaurant to Chuatara and also happens to be the better one IMO. I don't know how traditional/authentic it is, but the food is light, tasty, and flavorful, and as a massive meat eater, I can say that they have some of the best vegetarian food I've ever eaten (most places are just too bland or funky).

Surprisingly enough, for a restaurant with such a strong vegetarian emphasis, they do have good meat dishes. My biggest issue with this place is the price -- they seriously could charge a little less... $9 for the amount of food served was hardly a bargain and $15 for the meat stuff? Ouch. 

Atmosphere is cosy and quaint -- It's kinda quiet and bright and you get a nice view of State Street when you're sitting there.
I love me some ethnic vegetarian fare, but considering portion size and price, this place didn't rock my world. The spices and flavor of the stewed vegetables were really delicious and the wheat roti was dense and hot. I got one samosa which wasn't that good - liked the filling - did not like the dough, but the sauce it came with was pungent and yummy. Despite the nice authentic flavors here, to get one samosa, and one small veggie dish for $12  just doesn't cut it for me. I will continue to search for the best cheap eats I can find.
The Dal (bean soup is delicious and hearty.  Flat bread and Somosa round out a really great meal.  The staff is super friendly and they've got inside and outside dining options.  You'll enjoy this place I promise.
I adore this place! They have Nepali and Tibetan food, and I'm partial to Tibetan food for the comfort and low-key-ness it provided during a very busy trip through northern India. The momos are a bit different than I expected, but I'm going to chalk that up to a difference between Tibetan and Nepali food. I love the Tuck-Pa, a Tibetan veggie soup with momocha right in the soup - it's just the right balance of spice and comfort food. I also highly recommend the Katahar Kebab, a traditional Nepali meat substitute made out of jackfruit. I've been here with friends that think $8-$14 is too much to pay, given the portions, but the quality is truly wonderful and authentic (in my limited experience and opinion), and I've never left hungry after ordering only an entree.
My first time at a a Nepalese restaurant. Who knew you it would be in Wisconsin! A nice little restaurant on the main street, with friendly servers and great food!  The portions are on the small to medium size, so my only real complaint would be that they should give a little bit more food to even out with the not so cheap prices, or give the small (normal- keep it as is) size portions and lower the prices. Prices are more for a tableclothy mood light restaurant, This place is more of a sit down/take out style (although it is a restaurant not a dive) Other than that, the food was great!.  

There are many vegan/veggy dishes to choose from as well as meat dishes.  My friends were very happy with what they chose, considering none of us have eaten this before. The way I would describe the cuisine would be a mix of Indian and Japanese/Chinese.
The boys had the curry dishes, which reminded me of Chinese food curry or Caribbean curry. The girls had the vegan dishes, mine was amazing. I don't know what they put on my asparagus but it was seasoned to perfection. The dumpling appetizer (I forget the name of it) was pretty good as well. I was surprised when it came with a tomato sauce!   If your in Madison, check this place out.
yes, I crave this food when I visit my alma mater in madison, wisconsin.
For a city of its size, Madison has a diverse food experience and what I contribute my love for ethnic food. 
I love the dal, roti, and choice of tarkari of the day. I also love their momos!  I have to admit that I have not eaten one meat dish. This place is very small and probably has only about 7 tables... The food sometimes takes awhile, but it always arrives hot and clearly homemade.
We were traveling across country and went to this place based on yelp reviews. The food was fantastic and tasted sooooo fresh. It was so nice to have a home cooked meal. I was also very excited to try Nepalese food. I grew up in an area with just about any kind of food imaginable but I had never had Nepalese food and I'm hooked!
Food was decent and the service was fairly good as well. I got the lamb dinner and it was quite delicious. But my girlfriend's soup based meal was really subpar for $11. The house special dessert was pretty good. Overall, decent food but a little overpriced.
It was good, but nothing to write home about.  Had the sampler, tea, and buff.
Good.  Food a bit less spicy than Indian.  Definitely homemade with a lot of care.  I had their popular chicken dish, which was tasty, and the rice pudding desert, which was awesome.  Portions were well sized.  I felt healthier after eating here.  

Service was good, but not great.  Our server appeared to be very busy, but the place was less than half full.  Food came out within a reasonable time, and was piping hot.  The kitchen is in the back of the restaurant, so the food only had to travel about ten feet to the table.  

The only complaint I have is the price - I'm sorry, but this place is simply overpriced.  There were only four staff members there, all of them appeared to be family.  Food costs can't be that much.  I have issues with paying 15 bucks for a chicken leg, half a chicken breast, some rice, and a scoop of basic veggies.  It was all good, but 8 bucks would have been MUCH more appropriate.  As it was, my reasonably sized meal - the aforementioned chicken, rice and veggies; a side of bread; and the rice pudding totaled 21 dollars.  

In short - I would eat here again, but only if they dropped the prices to something reasonable.
Small, laid back, delicious hole in the wall-esque place on State Street. Nepalese has a lot of the flavors I love about Indian, but isn't as heavy so I will always be up for it. 

They have an extensive vegetarian menu which I'm frequently too stuck in my carnivorous ways to delve into, unfortunately.

Some great options:
1) Get the momochas to share as an appetizer. They're tasty, light dumplings in a tasty tomato sauce. I haven't actually tried the meat-itarian momos just yet.
2) For entree...well, they're all quite tasty, but I'm partial to the beef buff.
3) If the dish doesn't come with roti (flat bread), make sure to order some.
Who knew the Nepalese ate so well? After going here, you'll agree.

Their menu has a good balance of vegetarian and meat dishes - which makes me happy. Not overly spicy also. All of the food I've had here has been very good. Good addition to the state street variety.

Favorite touch - the mint and lemon in the water. Yum- like a reverse slap in the face.
Hands down my favorite place to eat in all of Madison.  I wish they sold that Dal in large quantities.  Go next door to Chautara if you want something fancier, more expensive, and serving alcohol. I believe they are owned by the same family.  Himal Chuli is better, though.  My favorite dish is the cauli "tarkari", a veggie stewish kinda thing that changes everyday....I think they offer like 2 different versions of it at a time...
Too many people just walk by Himal Chuli. They don't know what they're missing. If you aren't familiar with Himalayan/Nepalese food, don't worry, just order something, it'll be delicious. The Himal Combination platter is a safe bet and a nice sampling of their dishes. The roti, takari, and dal is an amazing and healthy option too.

The waitstaff is friendly and so polite. Every time they leave me with a smile on my face. Never fake, never obtrusive, always helpful.

Great for vegetarians and omnivores alike.

They don't take plastic, but there's a free ATM across the street. If you forget and have to walk across the street to get cash first they don't mind, they're laid back like that.
Good, but expensive food. 

Poor service, not particularly nice server. Portions are moderate, Nepali cuisine is much like Thai without the extreme spices or the sweetness. Very very good vegetarian selection.
The food at Himal Chuli is certainly 5 stars' worth of delicious, but I've had some seriously slowwww service and the prices for some of the dishes are a bit outrageous for how much food they give you.  Thus, the 4-star rating.

Everything I've ever eaten there has been spectacularly tasty.  The momochas and samosas are divine, and the daily specials (Tarkari) are always a treat -- spiced veggies that you can choose to pair with roti (bread), rice and/or dal.  Definitely spend the extra buck to get the dal -- it is extremely delicious and you'll wish they gave you more than that teeny little cup!  My very favorite dish is the Tofu Buff, which is seasoned tofu and veggies over rice (you can choose white or brown for any dish).  Be warned -- some of the dishes are pretty spicy, and they don't ask you to choose your spice comfort level.  But I always walk out of there feeling not just sated, but *healthy* -- like I've done something really good for my body.  I practically bounce away down State Street when I leave the place.

But that brings me to my first issue with Himal Chuli -- the portion sizes vs. the price.  Over the years, I have watched the price of my beloved Tofu Buff skyrocket to $15 -- and it's really not that much food.  I'm aware that restaurants often overserve, often to the point of ridiculousness (I'm looking at you, Cheesecake Factory).  But the dishes at Himal Chuli are really quite small -- easily finished in a sitting if you're hungry -- and as a poor grad student, I really can't swing $15 for something I can't make a meal of later.  (To be fair, the equally-small daily specials are $8 or $9, depending on whether you add the dal.)

My second issue is with the service.  It certainly isn't unpleasant at all, but it has been extremely slow in the past, even when the place was basically empty.  I also wish they took credit cards.

For a lesser restaurant, these issues would mean a 2- or 3-star review, but Himal Chuli has such great food and is such a cool place that I have to go with 4.
We ordered the chili chicken and the green jackfruit kebab dish: Katahar Kebab. Both were tasty, but the portions were small and we left hungry. For over $30, I think the portions should be bigger. The dal was delicious. We were  impressed with the spiciness of the food.
This place was very good, everything tasted super fresh. I really enjoyed the sagg and Roti.
The Tuck-pa is amazingly good.
I went here a few weeks ago and I've been thinking about it ever since. I'm moving out of state soon, but before I leave I plan to make a special trip out to Madison just to eat at Himal Chuli.
Everything was FRESH FRESH FRESH and absolutely delicious. The food had unique flavors with just the right amount of spice and they had lots of vegetarian options. 
*DROOL*     ...Really, I can't wait to go back...
holy mother of god.

the tofu polungo is so deliciously well done. the tofu has unbelievable texture and is well-seasoned . the vegetables are properly cooked and the sauce is tasty.
I had a pretty pleasant meal here. Really can't beat that State Street location in the summer for outdoor dining. The food was pretty good. It didn't blow me away, but it was definitely above average. The quantity of food was disappointing though. For the money, I feel that the servings should be a little bit larger. However, I was impressed with the service, which was fairly quick and overall this was a good eating experience.
From personal experience (2 weeks in Nepal in 2008), even above-average meals in Nepal are nowhere near as good as what you get at Himal Chuli. That being said, the prices at this Madison gem are shockingly high. It is not so much that I expect "ethnic" food to be cheap (I do not), but that the location, ambience, and portion sizes do not match the price tag.

If you can ignore the prices, the food is a real treat. The momos are delicious (sadly, there is no pan fried variety on the menu), the dal divine, and the roti flavorful. Fortunately, my wife ordered the combination platter which allowed me to sample the mimochas (very good). I opted for the stewed jackfruit accompanied by 4 slices of whole wheat roti. I had not had cooked jackfruit before but dare say that I am a fan. It tastes almost like an artichoke heart but denser and larger. 

Himal Chuli is well worth your while if you are not overly price sensitive and hankering after some good Nepalese food.
OMG! This is the best food ever! We eat every meal at Himal Chuli when we visit Madison.  We share the Momocha and the Samosa's every time and I usually order the special. They have a gift for making healthy food taste amazing! The food is exceptionally tasty and consistent every time. The family who owns the restaurant is super nice and courteous. You can tell that the food is made with great energy.
I think people give this place 4 or 5 stars because they WANT to like it, and want to feel worldly and cosmopolitan. My primary complaint with this place is that it is far too expensive for what it is. 

I ordered one of the chicken entrees, at $14.95, and it tasted fine- nothing special though, and I was still hungry after devouring it. So hungry that I went and had two slices at Ian's.  It was just one chicken breast with some sauce and a small patch of rice. It also came with a small bowl of soup, which was flavorless. This is not a fancy place- it's basically a cafeteria, which is fine by me, but why the fine dining prices and small portions? I'm amazed that people in Madison are willing to pay these prices for such small portions. I should say, also, that I very rarely leave a restaurant still hungry, so it's not like I have a super sized appetite.
I wanted to try Nepalese food for the first time.  This place was OK...but the flavors def. did not wow me. I'm not sure if it's just the place, or if Nepalese food just isn't my deal.  Either way, this was decent food but I doubt if I'd ever return to this spot, sorry.  Portions are small, service was slow...oh and cash only.
Looking at the prices I excepted authentic taste, originality and fine dining experience. It was Tuesday night only few tables occupied. Only one sever who did everything so the service wasn't up to the menu prices. Six pieces chicken momo was around $10. A lamb curry which only had a few small cubes was $16.95. It came with a very little white rice. The taste of lamb was little better than chicken momo but it does not worth paying that much money. The surprising thing was they only take cash!!! I wouldn't go there again.
I convinced a friend to tag along with me and eat at this place after reading inspiring reviews on Yelp! The restaurant is situated right on State Street near the junction and wasn't difficult to find. It's quite tiny and overcrowded inside with small tables jammed into over corner and along the walls (we didn't sit out because it was a hot day), and definitely doesn't win marks for decor. The food was simple and mild flavored, though it did taste very home-made. We ordered rotis and a chicken entree (I forget the name now), which I thought was quite over-priced at $17 plus. I loved the dal and the cauliflower side dish special for that day, so much that I ordered the entree portion of the cauliflower dish later on (again, overpriced for a veg dish IMO). Being Indian, we identified quite easily with the menu choices and ingredients, which was a plus while eating out with my food-fussy at times-vegan friend. Do order the mango lassi - the drink totally made our meal complete and we didn't feel the need for ordering desserts. 
All in all, we were not singing praises of the place as we were leaving. Our meal (with no starters nor desserts) came up to about $35 with tips. If you're not into heavy, greasy, spicy Indo-Asian food, then this is the place to go to! For some reason, it did remind me of a home-cooked meal (no dish is mild flavored where I come from in India), albeit a bit overpriced.
Himal Chuli is a vegetarian paradise

About two pages of the menu are vegetarian items, while just over half of a page is for meat eaters.  That being said, when my date tried to order one of the meat items, they said they were all out.  If you feel that you must have real meat in your meal, Himal Chuli is not for you.

The restaurant itself is small, and the look is nothing too impressive.
The food was wonderful, although overpriced.

The roti is the best bread I've ever had at a restaurant, so be sure to get some.  You won't regret it.

All of the food was full of flavor and all different spices.  Serving sizes were fairly large, also


Note: Himal Chuli is CASH ONLY so that they can "keep their prices low" (which isn't working)
Himal Chuli is my all time favorite restaurant in Madison. In fact, it is my favorite restaurant of all the places i've been to. The spice combinations are like nothing i've had before, and the service is excellent.
amazing decor

try the entire menu

don't forget yak meat
Maybe it's because I'm spoiled, but I think this place has an identity crisis.  Nepalese food is interesting, yes, but it's still more of a grab-and-go counter-service kind of meal.  If you're trying to make this more of a sit-down dinner, please have my server get my order right and not take 30 minutes to bring me a check.  Oh, and $40 for two people for lunch??  If you're doing that kind of pricing, then DON'T MAKE IT CASH-ONLY.  And please put a sign up on the door so people know to run to the ATM before they come in.  (I saw two parties leave and come back because they didn't have enough cash.) 

All that being said, it gets 3 stars because the food was actually pretty good.  I got the Palungo Chicken, which had a lovely tomato sauce and plenty of rice.  I substituted the dal/salad for roti.  My only gripe is that there wasn't enough food... I was pretty much mopping up the sauce with the roti; I was still a little hungry afterwards.
Wonderful food.

Great, albiet, slow service.

Open kitchen with old grandmother handmaking everything.

I have been going to Himal Chuli for years, and I just can't stop loving this place. The ambiance is dingy and the entrees are overpriced, but I keep on returning because it's THAT GOOD. 

Side Note: Don't bother with meat entrees. The real gems are in the majority vegetarian selections.
People who don't give this gem of a restaurant 5 stars must be out of their minds. 
Service: amazing. We ordered, got our food quickly and our check came  at just the right time. Also, as a customer service connoisseur I can tell you that the waitress (there is only one) has talent. We've been in town for 3 days and eaten there 3 times. The waitress remembers my dietary restrictions and makes suggestions to accommodate (she remembered which beer my boyfriend ordered too!). 
The food: fresh, wholesome, the flavors are zesty and concise. Everything is made in an open kitchen with obvious care. These people pride themselves on you enjoying the food they create.
Atmosphere: its a small place, maybe 12 tables. Simply decorated, good lighting from the front windows, clean. 

Other notes: I've seen some Yelp reviews where people complained about prices, but I would argue that for 10-15 dollars plate, you could do much worse. You get what you pay for here: real food prepared with care. 
I've also seen complaints about portion size. Ach- people expect gross portions in the Midwest, get over it people! This is an adequate portion.

Also, if you are vegan or gluten free or both, you have just found the promise land. Enjoy!
Expensive, slow, and the food wasn't even that great.  I'm the type of person that likes everything, but if I'm going to dish out a bunch of money, I want something to rave about, not rant about.  I'm not sure what was up with the waitress either, she was pretty cold.  She walked past my empty water glass twice, staring at my table.  So, when she walked by with the pitcher, I thought I was going to get a refill.  Nope.  She went to another table and didn't bother to stop at mine.  Just kept walking past.
The food is terrific!

I was visiting Madison for a conference, and a group of us stumbled in here for dinner. The service was nice, not too slow, and the server didn't mind giving us suggestions for dinner. We did what they said and had a terrific and filling meal!

The food is something like Indian, but not quite. And it's not the same as Tibetan, but close. If you like Indian and Tibetan food, though, you'll like this.

Only 4 stars because of there atmosphere: there is none. Price is pretty good, though. We all eat very well for $25 each, including a nice tip.
Best restaurant in Madison!
The food here is really delicious but way overpriced. I could stand the high prices if the portions were big, but they're not - in fact, they're tiny. And I'm not one of those people who demand outsized American-style portions large enough to feed three people either. But $13.95 for what appears to be a half-order size of a dish made up of tofu and vegetables, really? Did you know tofu is cheap? 

I used to live in NYC where I would get equally good Himalayan food (see Cafe Himalaya in the East Village) that was half as cheap with portions twice as big. Did I mention this was in overpriced New York City!!! I think Himal Chuli would see much more traffic if they changed up their business model a bit--more food with cheaper prices. This is a college town, after all.
Pure, perfect food.  It's the kind of place that feeds your cells and warms your heart.  Everything is slow cooked and made with love.
good dumplings.
Disclaimer: I worked here '95-'98 

I love Himal Chuli. Bishnu and Jamuna has been making some of the best food in the world (to me) "with love" for many years. They would always tell me that was why it was so good - because she cooked "with love" ;)
I have noticed their proces have risen dramatically, but that will not keep me from eating there when I am in town.
It is hard to say what the "best" menu item is, because everything is sooooo incredibly good. A few of my favorites are the daal (yellow lentil soup), daily takari (vegetarian stew) and roti (yoghurt leavened flatbread), the chicken or tofu polungo (lightly breaded chicken with a tomato based sauce containing spinach and mushrooms), the momo/momcha (dumplings), chicken sikar (fall-off-the-bone chicken and sauce), beef buff (beef with cumin/coriander, sauted with broccoli)... and really I dont think there is a single thing I dont like on the menu!
Get some golub jamun and a lasi for desert ;)
This is my favorite Madison restaurant and I always feel I need to visit when I am in town.

Today was a beautiful fall afternoon and I sat outside for a small lunch of samosas and dal.  It was a perfect little meal for such a gorgeous day.  The dal is comforting and I have always loved the unexpected pairing of samosas with yogurt and cranberry sauces, then topped with carrot shavings.
Madison is an amazing town for a foodie- just walking down State Street I found a huge variety of cuisines.  I had heard about this place from a friend, and Yelped it to see if there were any particular dishes to try since I've never had Nepali food.  In the end I just asked the waitress to describe the most traditional foods and took her advice.  

The service was excellent.  It's a very small place, and it wasn't too busy when I got there, just before noon, but it filled up quickly.  It has a nice atmosphere.  I had the chicken sikar: stewed meat and vegetables, very good.  Tarkari as a side- a sort of vegetable stew, also good.  Roti flatbread, and daal (lentil soup?) also came with the meal.  I had chai to drink, which was very flavorful; have had it before, but this was better.  They were almost out of dessert but gave me half an order of lal mohan, a sweetened rice ball. 

A bit out of my way, but I'll try to go back.
I actually started eating here during a challenge that cute girl issued me. Upon saying that I'd try anything once, she countered with trying to be a vegetarian.  That lasted a week and I'll never do it again.

But during that, I found this place.  Not an easy task is it's almost a hole in the wall and will blend into the State Street image.

The majority of their menu is meatless.  And even back as my meat-craving self, I still love the food here.  I try to make a few trips here every year while the farmers' market is in full swing on the square.

This is a great place for a unique ethnic dining experience.  The type of place that Madison is known for.
My second time at Himal Chuli was absolutely amazing.  The Tarkari was absolutely mouth watering, and the Dal was perfect. And even though I don't like eating meat, I could eat the Momos all day long.
glad it's there, but unimpressed...
need to go back and give it a 3rd try i think.
This place is fantastic.  Tons of vegetarian options, but you can do meat too.  I got a tofu dish and vegetarian mo mo as an appetizer.  The dishes come with rice or dal.  I got the dal, it was amazing.  I couldn't believe how delicious everything was. 

The waitress was super nice, and the woman at the counter was very sweet.  Very attentive, very fast.  

The food was delicious, and the price is right.  Definitely a favorite!
My new favorite Nepali restaurant!

I've traveled to Nepal a number of times and Himal Chuli is wonderful in just about every category.  It's location on funky State Street guarantees a steady stream of adventurous, well-traveled customers, so they haven't felt the need to Americanize (or Indianize) the food.  The atmosphere is intimate and friendly, and the open air kitchen in the back is spotless and well-organized.

We were a bit worried about availability of a high chair in the small indoor seating area--but not only did they bring a high chair right away, they also brought a plate of piping hot flatbread and honey for dipping for the baby!

The usual waitress was off at the last minute, so we were served by a combination of the grandmother, grand-aunt, and several of the cooks.  Each of them greeted us with warmth and good humor, and plenty of silly smiles for our one-year-old daughter.

We started with Dal and Momos, which were fresh, flavorful, and quick to arrive.  The entres came out shortly thereafter and were equally outstanding.  Highlights included the chicken sikar, as well as the saag, chickpea, and potato takari.

We will definitely be back next time we're in Madison!
I love you Himal Chuli!

Great for vegetarians, meat eaters and curry fanatics.

I'm friends with the chefs and I appreciate being close enough to see them.
At some point, I lost a balloon in the tall ceilings. You might want to watch out.
The best Indian restaurant that I have even been too. Try Kathal bhartha, baingan bharta, kadhi, cold chilly chicken and lamb rosh curry. As I grabbed the first bite it just flash backed to the memory I have in my mind straight away to home. Great food. try the chicken momo's. They are just icing over the cake.
I have a Nepalese food fixation going on! And apparently folks in Madison also do - I was delighted therefore to have to choose between 3 listed Nepalese/Tibetan restaurants all within a stone's throw from each other.

Given time allowed me to try just one, I went by the book i.e the hotel restaurant guide..which we validated with trusted sources i.e our hotel shuttle driver :)...who incidentally also provided the local scoop on the Dalai Lama influence which explained how a relatively rare cuisine appeared rather mainstream in Madison.

With all that careful planning leading up to the trip to Himal Chuli, I was nervous about being disappointed ( and disappointing my folks who were Nepalese neophytes). Thankfully Himal Chuli served up food that was every bit as good as I'd hoped it would be -- along with plenty of doses of learning about Nepalese cuisine!

We selected a cauliflower based tarkari which was great but our favorite was an okra-potato combination - loved it so much that I've even googled the recipe and tried a repeat version at home -- something I rarely do!

I was surprised that the food was a bit bland, but somehow it tasted delicious!  The sweet carrot dessert was a perfect ending to a near perfect lunch.

Himal Chuli is one of those small, unassuming, simple places that serves up real good food - it brought back some good memories of college town living and has spurred a serious Nepalese food quest!
One of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Madison.  I love the dumplings, beef buff and whole wheat flatbread! Very reasonably priced.  A hole in the wall secret in Madison.
The portions were small and the prices were high.  I really didn't see a distiction between this type of food and any number of small indian places.
My favorite Madison restaurant... fresh local ingredients. The dal kicks butt! Don't miss the momocha... YUM!
Worth every damn penny.
The food is definitely good. Lots of options for vegetarian. The eggplant meal was great and the portions are good, although the prices seem a bit high.

They are cash and check only and I didn't see a sign outside and no one said anything when we walked in. There's a fee free ATM across the street but it would have been nice to know going in.

The service was only okay though. The waiter wasn't very attentive, got the order wrong, appeared to have some attitude when he collected our menus and brought us our check before we even said we were finished (one of my pet peeves in restaurants - hence 3 and not 4 stars) and therefore had to hand write in the desserts.
This place has a great selection of vegetarian dishes, so I decided to forego the meat and get the Seitan buff. I thought the food itself was great. Seitan is more commonly known as mock duck and has a chewy texture reminiscent of meat but  not quite the same. It went really well with the spices and vegetables it came with, and the side of roti was a perfect compliment to the meal. 

The portion of their food is also good in terms of health but at the same time a bit expensive for what you get. Also they screwed up my order twice, which was a bit annoying. 

Also, warning! This place is CASH ONLY!
They were out of Yak so I had the lamb stew. Very pleasant. S.U. had the cauliflower stew, also very pleasant. Another place just down State St. is run by the same family and seems a bit more carnocentric. Service was nice, cash only. I might check out the other spot before I return but in toto, dinner was quite nice and pleasant and I would recommend it.
Once a year I look forward to my lunch at this wonderful little place. Thank you for such delicious and nutritious food.
Maybe I'm too critical, but for two entrees, including tip (and waters) for $35, I feel like I should leave feeling full.

It's not like it's a  fancy joint...

We took my son and there was no kid's menu. And while the flavors were delicious, I didn't expect to leave feeling like we should definitely get dessert somewhere, and a big one at that.

I'm vegetarian and there were lots of options. I guess I picked the wrong server recommendation with a broth base...

Delicious, yes.

Overpriced for the amount of food? Totally.

I'd have rated much higher if my portion size was 30% or more... just sayin'.
Very wide menu offerings, tasty!
When a coworker heard I was going to Madison, he told me that I HAD to go to Himal Chuli. I made him write it down because I had no idea what he was saying. He said he ate there at least 5 times a week; he must not have known how to cook. Went there for lunch around 2:30 with my boyfriend after a failed attempt to go see a screening of My Neighbor Totoro put on by the Cinematheque, and there were tons of open tables. The space is so tiny; I can't imagine it during a lunch rush.

Our Warby-Parker bespectacled waiter materialized almost instantly with waters after telling us we could sit anywhere. The water tasted kind of fruity, and I didn't figure out until later, when they were refilled, that it had been infused with lemon and cilantro. We looked over the menu and decided to share an order of chicken momocha, and the roti/tarkari combo. The momochas were reminiscent of the dumplings my mom makes, but with hot salsa to dip it in. Our entree came with a bowl of dal, which is a mixed bean soup that is so simple, but just the best. The humble bean was transformed into a transcendental soup. The saag tarkari was comparable to the Indian saag, but without the dairy component. 

Overall, the meal was simple yet hearty. I was reminded of how humbly the other half lives, and how hunger is the best sauce.
When visiting Madison Wisconsin and love vegetarian food.  This is the place to visit.  Food is really yummy.  Only cash or check.
Deliciously wonderful food - my absolute favorite place to go in Madison - especially when the weather is cold.  Combo platter is my favorite dish - a little bit of everything and it all has a wonderful taste - just make sure you savor it to get the full experience.  Best place ever!
In light of becoming vegetarian, I have decided to re-post my review/re-profess my love for Himal Chuli in a vegetarian light: 

Dear Himal Chuli, 

You still rock my socks. Your Momocha and Tarkari make me melt inside, and your Dal takes me to another world of happiness and bliss. Your Masala Tea makes me feel a happiness so complete that I could not imagine life without it. 

"Dhanyabad" and My Love forever, 
 
Jake S.
Ordered takeout from this restaurant. The food came pretty quick. The lamb was delicious, but the portion is EXTREMELY SMALL. I ordered two entrees and two appetizer which was more than $50.
We tried to come here last week and they were packed! This time we were able to sit on the patio for a 9pm dinner. 

If you want a preview of the delicious Nepali menu, all you have to do is open the front door and take a whiff. We sat outside and every time someone opened the front door, I found myself inching closer and closer to capture the amazing aromas coming from the kitchen....cardamom, garlic, cinnamon, ginger. 

They had an extensive selection of veg and non-veg options. I got the momocha (vegetable momo) which were filled with some tasty spicy peanut concoction. I was so excited to see Momo on the menu as the only other time I have ever had them was in the Himalayas. 

There seemed to be only one server for all of the indoor and outdoor tables, but she did not seem overwhelmed. In fact, she had an aura of peacefulness about her that rubbed off on us and gave us more patience ourselves. If we actually timed it, the service would have been on the slower side, but it didn't feel that way at all.

Be sure to bring cash as they don't take credit cards.
The momochas, tarkaris and dal are always fantastic.  Only take cash or checks, and the ATM across the street was taken down, so the nearest free ATM is a few blocks away.  Have to be prepared for that.
My first time trying Nepalese food, stopped in on a friend's very enthusiastic rec. Ordered the Seitan Buff with roti and dal -- all good, especially the roti. Although I don't typically order brothy soups, I'd eat the dal again (creamier when stirred). The cherry tomato hiding in the seitan dish was a little flavor bomb, wish there'd been more! Wonder if I can order extra tomatoes next time...
This restaurant is so delicious and healthy. Many vegetarian options. Never had a bad meal!
Yum! For not very much cash you get a delicious and eclectic dining experience. Fun sidewalk seating. The eggplant was delicious. The Samosa just OK. For the price the food was really enjoyable.

Bring cash.  Expect not speedy service. They only serve beer.
The atmosphere there was very nice, the food was very flavorful, but pretty overpriced for the portion. The roti is disappointing. I was expecting something soft, fluffy and with multiple layers, instead we were given flatbreads that is the same as those Greek ones found at grocery stores. Again, decent food but not worth the price, but it's nice to try it once anyway.
After the Himal Chuli's sister restaurant, Chautara, closed I cried for many months.  I recently dried my tears and decided to try Himal Chuli last night.  The food itself is amazing-healthy, fresh, comforting and delicious....emphasis on delicious. 

However, the prices for the size of our dishes is why I probably won't go back. I had to give this place 3 stars based on the serving size (and I'm not a fan of grossly large sizes either).  

Our table ordered 4 dishes 1) chicken buff (they were out of beef) and I now realize the waitress forgot to ask if we wanted soup or salad with the dish so we did not get it, 2) the largest size of Momo (6 dumplings) were great but at $8.99 it was a joke...there should have been at least 10. 3) Khichadi, which was exactly what I was hoping it would be, was just much too small and 4) the combination plate...which was good but again, too small.  $60, not including tip, and 4 hungry people....not great.  

I really want to go back but don't want to starve!

No cash-should have been advertised better!
I always enjoy a meal from the heart. This restaurant truly impressed me. Great service delicious well seasoned fresh ingredients and awesome taste. The dal is great and I can't wait to bring my friends here soon.
This was the first time I've eaten Nepalese food, and was a good thing to start on. The food and service was great. The only thing I've found a problem was the portions, for the price. Remember however, this is not Mc Donald's, and is a very nice restaurant. Not everything is super sized people. Over all, if your not STARVING, this is a good place to try. I recommend the momo and dal.
I am a Nepali and I am really disappointed with their food. Went there because of the good review but to tell the truth, never had this kind of Nepali food in my life. The only good thing was hot pickle. I don't like to give bad reviews but this is not what I was expecting from a Nepali Restaurant.
Came here with boyfriend, who is Nepali , the food is not authentic at all! Momo, Nepali spice chiya, which are supposed to be unique Nepali food, do NOT have real Nepal flavor at all!!! 
And their meat is absolutely not fresh! We ordered chili chicken and chicken sikar, and both of the chicken have that terrible smell! Tasted like not well-cooked !
The price is expensive, the portion is so little. And they do not tell you until you are ready for the bill that it is CASH only! 
Totally a waste of money!
INCREDIBLE!!! Wow- after spending time IN NEPAL - cities, to villages, mountain tops to valleys, I did NOT expect amazing, authentic food- but I got that and BETTER. This place is the BEST Nepalese I've had anywhere in the world- who would have thought- in Madison, WI. That the Nepalese food is BETTER than the finest restaurants and base camp cooks in the kingdom can provide? Well- it's that good- seriously! Go now, eat, and smile! NAMASTE!
I just arrived in Madison and was pooped from a long day + travel. I was really hungry and excited for a low key, hot meal. I had a bunch of work to catch up on so searched for a vegetarian friendly place that would also deliver. I was excited to find veggie Nepalese food that was close to the hotel. Every dish, even things that seemed like sides seemed pretty expensive so I assumed the portions would be enormous. I don't want enormous portions but I also didn't want teeny portions with a high price tag. I ordered a soup and it was basically a cup of soup for over $10. I didn't order anything else sadly and am left feeling pretty hungry. Wahh. Haha. 

Should have read more of the reviews!!!
I was somewhat disappointed by this place, coming in with almost no expectation (Mother always said to try new things right?). I have simply decided Nepali food is just not for me. There were very few meat options and the portions were not great. I almost felt I could have cooked a better meat and rice dish for a much cheaper price in my own home.

-2 as the entrees were good, but overpriced (and cash only!).
Stopped in for lunch on Saturday, and the overall experience was okay. The Chicken Sikar was delicious, but expensive. My lunch cost $14.99, and the amount of chicken on the plate was quite laughable.

If the quality of the food wasn't at such a high level, I would not recommend eating there. 

Service was a little off, as our waitress had to be reminded several times to bring a couple things.

Overall, I'd suggest you check it out if you want something new. But expect to pay a lot for small portions.
The staff is always friendly and helpful with choices and questions. I should branch out and try other options but I am a huge fan of Roti, Takari and Dal. The Takari changes daily, the special one other, but you can get half and half.  

The have a very good menu options, Vegetarian and non Vegetarian choices as well.  I have been here a few times and definitely enjoy the experience every time.
I had the Palungo Chicken. It was a good meal, but nothing special! It is described as "a generous slice of white meat," but the pieces were small and the meat wasn't very high quality. The dish was way overpriced for its size-  I do like smaller servings at restaurants (it did fill me up perfectly!) but I don't feel like I got great quality or size for paying $15.99. The soup they served before the meal was good, but again, not great!
THE DAL THOUGH. 

SERIOUSLY.

DAL.

Their take on the mixed bean soup is filling and just the right amount of spice and warms your belly. Perfect heat in winter, satisfying year-round.

PSSST it's a great cheap State St. eat. A bowl is only $4!
My first time trying Nepalese cuisine and I am not a vegetarian but really enjoyed a sans meat night.  Loved the Mango Lassi, roti and Samosas!
This has always been one of my favorite Madison restaurants. Himalayan cuisine shares some elements with Indian, but is definitely it's own style with more subtle seasoning. Vegetarian choices abound, but there are plenty of dishes with meat for the omnivores. I particularly like the lamb. Dal is a must-have with any meal!
The dal. The dal. The dal. 

I lived in Kathmandu, Nepal for months. I have yet to find good dal in the states. Today I found it. Not only did I find amazing dal but the people here are so friendly. Great atmosphere. Great customer service. Fantastic food that brings me back to Nepal. Get your eat on!
After spending some time in Nepal recently, I was hankering for some good ole Dal Bhat upon my return to Madison. I decided to check out Himal Chuli, and I left with my Nepali craving mostly satisfied. I was kind of disappointed they didn't have a Nepali Thali set since I basically lived off of that in Nepal, but I eventually settled on the chef's choice tarkari (curried vegetables) and dal (lentils). Both were tasty, but they just weren't the same as in Nepal. The roti was much thicker  than I found in Nepal and the spice combo didn't seem quite as magical as I remembered. This could have been in part due to the absence of a majestic, mountainous background, or due to the fact that the price was 5 times the 300 nepali rupees I would have paid for the same meal in Nepal. Either way I'm probably being a bit unfair so overall I would say my experience, though not entirely authentic, warrants 4-stars.
Oh yes! Clean, honnest, yummy home-cooked food! Lots of vegetarian options.
We really enjoyed it. Thank you so much.
This place was tasty and rich, and it seems like a good place to visit especially when it gets cold outside.

I had the vegetarian combination platter, and it came with samosas, momochas, roti, and dal. Overall, it was pretty good. The samosas and roti were particularly good, and the momochas could have been a bit more flavorful. I will probably try the momos if I go back. 

The main reason this place lost a star was the portions for the price. The meal sizes were perfect for me, but I generally eat very small meals. The average person may be left wanting more than just one entree. Perhaps adding a side would make it a larger, better suited meal. Also, if you don't feel like going vegetarian, be prepared to pay over 15 per entree. 

Overall, I would come back. This was my first time trying Nepali food and it was really good. I want a stack of that roti for my breakfast every day.
Very solid food (no, not literally!). They have plenty of great vegetarian options. Most of the dishes come in a stew form. Service is also quite good.
My one complaint is the serving sizes. They'e okay, but not nearly as large as other similar restaurants in the area.
All in all, pretty good.
Here is the breakdown. The food was absolutely DELICIOUS. I craved it again the minute I got home from dinner. 

The reasons I am not giving it was because out waitress was appalling. The place is a hole in the wall. There were probably 6 tables inside and maybe 6 very small tables outside. Our waitress was swamped with a full house when we arrived so we didn't mind that it took her a long time to give us menus and water. After people started clearing out and we were one of one two tables dining inside we would have to all three stare her down to try and ask for more water. Which she wouldn't even look at us and just blast by. We would have to shout to get her attention. The first time she returned with the whole pitcher and just said "Here. I will give you the whole thing." Which filled the 3 small cups once. So we had to again shout at her after she would walk past us twice without acknowledging us. 

Lastly, the bill comes and we ask her to split it since we all only have cards. She then informs us that it is cash-only. We were trying to figure out what to do, she points us in the direction of an ATM and storms off rolling her eyes.

There is no sign anywhere that says they do no accept cards. My friends' sister had to run home and grab a check. 

With all that being said, I would still probably return even though there food is kind of pricey.
Gurkha Brigade is not the most obvious eatery on Leith Walk, but is certainly not the worst.  It's predominantly a restaurant with plenty of clean and spaciously laid out table with a clean and friendly environment.  I went for their takeaway menu which, although quite expensive in comparison to other place in the area, was varied with plenty of different sauces, emats and vegetarian options.  I ordered the pork sungur which had incredibly tender chunks of meat in a spicy tomato and garlic sauce.  This, along with plain boiled rice and a coke came to about 10 which seemed steep at the time, but the food's quality made up for it without a doubt.  
My friend ordered two starters of different pakoras which looked and - apparantly - tasted great.  We both agreed that it was worth a shot again, maybe next time after we get our student grants in though!
I'm not sure why this Nepalese restaurant opted for such a military
style name, but it definitely catches the attention! It's quite unique, as it's the only restaurant of it's kind I've come across in Edinburgh; 
what's more, it must feel a little lonely when you consider the numerous Italian restaurants in the area! 

I'd always been told how unique Nepalese food is, given the country's location and a lack of a strong culinary presence in many countries, so we were excited to see what was on the menu. Any fans of Indian food will feel welcome here as I spotted pakora, naan, and curry dishes. I do have an inkling some of these more recognisable dishes may be on the menu so people aren't completely intimidated by the more foreign sounding dishes! Example: Machhaphucre wasa!

Though a lot of the dishes had equally cool names, I was familiar with most, if not all, of  the ingredients and was quite happy with my starters of Sandeko chicken (basically barbecued chicken) and Gurkha soup! I'll definitely have to be back to try one of their mains, which I have to say can be a little bit pricy!
I think if I'd got a takeaway from here, instead of eating in the restaurant, I might be giving it 4 stars and not 3. But I didn't, and I have to say I was a bit put off by the shabby feel to the place.

Don't get me wrong, the food was lovely. I think I prefer Nepalese food to Indian food beause it's a lot less greasy and stodgy, which I can certainly vouch for here. But given that there are a surprising number of Nepalese restaurants springing up in Edinburgh at the moment, like Yak & Yeti in Newington or The Gurkha in Morningside, this place can't really afford to be putting people off on the basis of first impressions.
FANTASTIC flavor, but awfully pricey for the American trying to stretch a weak dollar in Edinburgh.  I had a nice portion of naan, a DELICIOUS but small order of something the owner assured me was authentic Nepalese cuisine, and one beer.  With tip (which I know is not a requirement here) I dropped 20... my first night in Scotland.  That said, given the quality of the food, I imagine you can't go wrong here flavor-wise.  Add some very friendly service and this might be the kind of place you spring for when you wanna sit and enjoy a good meal with a group of friends on a night when you've done alright at the casino.
This place does appear, from the outside, to be a bit rough around the edges. However the service is friendly and the food is delicious.

I came here on a Groupon deal so I can't really comment on value for money, but the food we ordered (one starter, one main and a moderate portion of rice and naan) was enough to leave us satisfied without bursting at the seams. The sweet naan was really flavoursome and absolutely lovely. The mixed vegetable pakora looked beautifully colourful and was served with a unique tasting dipping sauce, although the tikka kebab starter was lacking slightly in the flavour department. The mains were all beautiful; garlic-y, tomato-y and slightly spicy.

To me, the appeal of this place is that they're offering something slightly different to the abundance of Indian food in Edinburgh. Nepalese seems to be quite similar yet slightly less greasy than Indian food. Although this place doesn't look as fancy as some of the surrounding restaurants, the food is lovely and proves that it's sometimes worth trying something new.
Dined here with a friend on a Sunday night. Only one other party there when we arrived around 6:30pm, so were seated promptly. We both ordered the pre-theatre special of 3 courses (starter, main, and dessert or tea/coffee) for 9.95. Quite a fair deal, and there was a good selection to choose from the options of starters and mains. The food was quite tasty, and nicely spiced. The only complaints were that the vegetables didn't seem super fresh, and the potatoes in the starter were a bit too oily. Other than that, it was an enjoyable experience and the staff were friendly and welcoming.
As a disclaimer, this is the first time I have ever tried Tibetan food (because... Himal Chuli and Chautara are Nepalese... right?). Novice disclaimer aside, this place is absolutely fantastic.  I'm currently still basking in food coma glow as I write this while i nurse my momo baby. haha.

My little brother and I walked in during a study break, not knowing what to expect and we were both happily surprised. The place is immaculate and the servers are sooo incredibly sweet and attentive. We had 3 dishes- beef sha momos, beef gyanthuk and chicken fried rice. Momos are Tibetan dumplings... and really, who doesn't love dumplings, especially if they come with hot sauce?! Gyanthuk actually reminded me a bit of japanese ramen. SOOO good. I should've asked for chopsticks--I'm so messy with forks. ha. And the fried rice was solid (honestly though, it's pretty hard to screw up fried rice. haha).

In summary. Everything was delicious and the amount of food served was absolutely perfect. It definitely has the family-owned business feel and I hope this restaurant is wildly successful and more so, I hope this restaurant becomes and STAYS a State St staple =)
I'd never had Tibetan food, but I figured on hearty, stew-like dishes featuring chicken. I am a great guesser. 

I had the ginger chicken with rice. Rice, chicken, and a thick orange sauce made for a hearty meal. Well-flavored, it wasn't as spicy as I would have guessed from ginger being the focus. The consistency and general flavors reminded me a bit of tikka masala, and like tikka masala, I'd be happy to eat the sauce spooned over rice any day of the week. The chicken was good, but kind of freaked me out - the pieces were all little one-inch balls. To my knowledge, there's no place on a chicken that naturally forms that way, and it wasn't a nugget - the balls were actual chunks of chicken. So confused. 

One friend tried the chili chicken, and cleaned his plate. Another friend got the fried veggie patties appetizer (good), and rice soup (off-putting). Since you get your choice of veggie or chicken broth, she thought it would be a clear broth with some rice and maybe chopped up veggies. Nope. It came out looking like Cream of Wheat - or like really, really wet rice. It didn't taste like much, and was just too much of one thing. 

Also, Madisonians, if you're not sure where this is, I'm fairly certain it used to be the Sony store.
The steamed buns, hot noodle soup, and ginger tea at Taste of Tibet are perfect on a cold winter day. Don't expect a lot of bold or intense flavors from the sauces and spices in the food. The flavors here are more subtle. Do expect fresh and tasty vegetables. They are never overcooked. The service here is very friendly, too.
I've never had Tibetan food before, so I had no idea what to expect, but I liked this place.  The owner/waiter was very friendly and accommodating, and the food was fresh and tasty.  Reasonable prices and portion sizes, and cool pictures of the mountains. Come here for an interesting alternative for tired Chinese food.

Also, they have yak meat!
We came in after a busy day of bike riding, beer, and volleyball and it hit the spot. We had a variety of steamers which were okay - the shrimp one was definitely the best. Make sure you try the Tibetan hot sauce - yummy. Very reasonably priced too.

They let us BYOB (is that legit?), as we had some beer in a backpack. I might go back again for BYOB, but I don't think I'd come out of my way for just the food.
Stopped into this place while looking for a unique place for dinner on State Street.  The atmosphere was very quiet, and we enjoyed people-watching from the big picture window.  I had a bowl of beef soup with spinach, carrots, daikon, and hand-pulled noodles.  The broth was fantastic - very rich and smooth.  My companions had dumpling soup and a vegetable tofu dish, and had nothing but good things to say. 

The prices were ungodly cheap for the amount of food.  We didn't try appetizers, but easily could have and still been coming out under $15 a person.  I'd definitely go back, I'd like to try the yak meat!
We really liked this place.  I would especially recommend it for a lunch on a cold day.  It really struck me as good, hearty comfort food.  We loved the steamed buns.  They are sort of like having a good dumpling in Eastern European cuisine.
We had great service even though every table was full.  It is a small place with limited seating like many others on State Street.
The Beef Then Thuk (a beef and noodle soup resembling pho) was outstanding. Savory, plentiful, and extremely well-seasoned. I ate with a large group and got to try a little bit of everything. And as for everything else...

"what the hell is this thing?"
"Why is this cold?"
"You have to walk to the liquor store around the corner if you want alcohol."
"All my utensils are dirty."
"Did these vegetables come out of a bag?"
"This tastes like paper."
"Please, get it away from me."
"What were they trying to accomplish with this dish?"
"No do not box these up please just throw them away."
I don't know if authentic Tibetan food is supposed to be bland and visually unappealing, but that's what I've gotten the two times I've eaten here.  We didn't have any problems with service, but the food was just bad.
I think I've finally learned the difference between Nepalese and Indian food. Whenever I see a menu claiming to be Nepalese I always feel a bit cheated to see familiar things like Biryani and Tikka Massala on there, but apparently the difference between the two is that traditional Indian dishes are much creamier and coconut-based, whereas Nepalese is based around tomatoes and lentils.

That's one of the things that's so good about The Ghurka - you go for a curry but don't leave feeling like that girl in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory who swells up into a giant blueberry and has to be rolled out of the room. 

We went for lunch, where you have the choice of the  la carte or their 5.95 Set Menu. A main from the  la carte costs about 6-9 so we thought the set meal looked like great value for money. Also, you got a choice of at least 5 or 6 different things for each course, and it wasn't a buffet, which is always a bonus. 

With your main course, you had the choice of whether it came with rice, chipati or poori, and I have to say their poori are easily the best I've ever eaten in my life. When the waiter set the plate in front of me with 2 huge ones on it, I thought I was never even going to get close to finishing them both myself. I did.

I can't review this place without mentioning this one thing though: on the lunch menu, although you have a choice of loads of different meats/fish/prawns, and you can choose the spice level, it's still just described as "chicken curry" or "lamb curry" etc. It doesn't exactly give off the most exciting impression of the food, although when it came we did all agree it was delicious.

Also, this is an ideal place to go for a chilled out, relaxed meal. I wouldn't eat here if you're in any sort of rush, as the service wasn't the fastest.

Definitely worth a visit though.
Friendly enough and good service. Menu is OK but not very exciting. Interesting to see Nepalese dishes, though these ate not super exciting. A good local "curry house"? Definitely.
We needed something quick to eat before the cinema & so we thought we'd give this a try.
The service was efficient & the food was really tasty. I had the chicken dhansak and it was one of the best I've had in ages. If you're in the area it is worth checking out.
Being situated on Mornignside Road, The Gurkha has some stern competition in the form of other South Asian restaurants.  However, it certainly rises to the challenge, and the food as well the service are excellent.  When you enter the restaurant it feels inviting and has a particularly enclosed atmosphere with a maximum capactiy of about thirty.  The tables are all quite close together and we all felt a bit crammed when I was in, but this just added to the environment.  
I ordered the lamb bhuna with a garlic naan and plain rice which only took about ten minutes to be prepared and served.  The sauce was amazingly creamy with a good range of flavours in it, and the naan and rice were just the right size to make it a satisfying meal.  The whole thing only cost around 8 which was definitely value for money, and the waiters were polite and friendly 
The Gurkha also do takeaways and deliveries on all their dishes so, if you're in the area, there's no excuse not to give them a try.
The Gurkha, with its pleated tablecloths, smiling waiters, and dinky interior has an old-fashioned charm, that is complemented by its range of extremely tasty curries, which are satisfyingly spicy without being so hot that they bring a tear to your eye.  

My particular favourites are the channa masala and the bhanta (aubergine) curry, but I've never had a dish there I didn't like - though, as I've found out the hard way, the portions are extremely filling, so avoid the temptation to order too much!  

It's location makes it the perfect place for a bite to eat after catching a film at the Dominion over the road, but in my opinion, the Gurkha is a real Morningside gem, well worth heading to in its own right.
The odd occasion i venture down into Morningside in the evening i always get a huge wift of the most gorgeous smell from The Gurkha so finally after 7 months living in Bruntsfield we decided to try The Gurkha for a takeaway!

WOW is all i can say, the taste certainly lived up to the reputation of the lovely smells that waft from the restaurant doors. It was alot less spicier than Indian food but alot more flavoursome.Myself and my partner both had chicken dishes and the quality of the meat was fantasticand the pilau rice was really nice nothing like the rice you get at an indian restaurant. We will certainly be trying this restaurant again.

The only thing that stopped me giving it 5 star rating was that because the restaurant is really quite small they didn't really have space for us to wait for the order which took about 20 mins so we had to go away and come back, but they do delivery for next time!
The Gurkha looks like it has been around a while, decor wise. The SR is a fan of Nepalese cuisine, so I suggested we pop in one evening. 

I did my normal - I'm starving and plan to order EVERYTHING. Much to my horror, every single item I ordered was HUGE. Mains, sides, the lot. I tried to avoid looking at the SR, in shame, as I knew what he was thinking. Miss piggy wiggy, stuffing her face in the corner full of delicious curry. Well, I reasoned back, I have lunch for tomorrow! This is why taking home leftovers is a Good Idea. 

It's been a while since we visited, so I don't remember what I ordered (apart from it being vegetarian, that is for sure), but we did enjoy our meals, but struggled with the volume - so heed our warning, as with others - don't order too much!
I don't know what astounds me more, the fact that Nepalese cuisine is an option for the culinarily curious or that there are so many of them that they fight over the same name.  I tried to research my review for The Gurkha, a restaurant in Edinburgh, not to be confused with the Gurkha caf.  And not the Gurkha Brigade, which is...really, three Nepalese restaurants with the name "Gurkha" in the title all in the same city?  Is that a condition for being a Nepalese restaurant?  I would be happy to just have a Nepalese restaurant in my home town.  The closest I could find was in Vancouver, and its name is...huh...Gurkha.  

I shouldn't be surprised about that.

By the way, the Gurkha I'm at claims itself the first and "original" Nepalese restaurant in Scotland.  I can read between the lines and that's effectively a giant middle finger to the other like-named restaurants.  Oh and if you click the website link on TripAdvisor, it takes you to the WRONG Gurkha.  That must sting.  

The Gurkha is an adorable sky blue-painted restaurant slotted between an acupuncturist and a Chinese take-out place, all three occupying less sidewalk space than a McDonalds and located on Morningside road (not to be confused with Morningside place or Morningside park--oh for the love of GOD, Edinburgh; you're not that big of a city!).  Gurkha is considered large in that it occupies two storefronts, one door blocked off, yet it only takes about five seconds to cross on foot.  What I'm saying is that the businesses in Morningside are tiny; it's like an economy of Lilliputians.  

The interior was a modest collection of white-draped tables, red shod chairs, and walls painted in an ill-advised choice of yellow promoted as amber but coming off as "corn via protein spill".  The dcor was simple, with few fixtures hanging from the walls.  The staff was stone-faced but welcoming, wrapped in ties and vests, very posh considering the time of day.  The effort was appreciated.  I entered at lunch and noted the massive menu and listings with a very pronounced Indian inspiration.  Biryani.  Masala.  Poppadom.  Of course, there would be some carry-over--I've mentioned in other reviews that country lines mean effectively nothing and that true cuisine can only be graded by tribes and ethnicity, and even then one must acknowledge the sharing of trends between neighbors.  I say all that to educate some and prevent my lynching from others.  

What distinguishes Nepalese from Indian (apparently) is the reduction in spice and the increase of sweeter ingredients like ginger.  This was confirmed with the dishes I ordered.  I say dishes for lunch because the Gurkha offered a lunch special, three courses for 6.95.  The first was a trio of fried breads with huge buckets (BUCKETS) of various dips and curries, after...I'm sorry, did I lose you?  You seem to be stuck on that price.  That's right, it wasn't a numerical error.  6.95.  Pounds or dollars, despite conversion, that's really cheap.  The menu prices were a little higher on average, perhaps dauntingly so if you only wanted to stop in for a quick bite, but 6.95?  That's the price for a starter in any other restaurant and here it's for three courses!  I felt like I was robbing them.  The courses were fixed but that's the brilliance.  It's one thing to have a daily special a few dollars less but to have a three course combination meal, it becomes a given.  Who would think of ordering off the main menu with a three course option for 6.95?  And you still get to choose if you want chicken, lamb, beef, or pork.  You still get a colossal slab of naan so large you can't see the plate it's served on.  After that you still get dessert.  This is beyond a good value.  And thankfully the food was fantastic.  

It was my last day in Edinburgh and the Gurkha reminds me dramatically of one of the many things I will miss about this city.  The value and possibilities cannot be quantified in the number of words remaining in this review.  The Gurkha may be one of several Gurkha-named restaurants in Edinburgh, but it would be difficult for the others to measure up.  There are many places to eat in Morningside and if you happen to be wandering along the road and come across Gurkha, THIS Gurkha, it's worth your time.

Food:  5/5
Service:  3/5
Presentation:  3/5
Value:  6/5
Recommendation:  4.25/5