Generous portions and ample vegetarian choices made this spot a great place to celebrate a friend's birthday.  The service was good, the food came out very quickly, and the price was just about right.
Delicious vegetarian options that will nonetheless satisfy a non-veggie. Proximity to A Woman's Touch makes it the ideal place to stop in for crab cakes after a vibrator purchase.
Ok, I preface this with the fact that there was a LARGE indonesian community back home where I lived, and there was probably a significant portion of my life where I existed on Nasigoreng and lumpias.... Was this healthy, hell no.  But I was 14 and had the metabolism of, well.... a 14 year old... Sigh.. those were the days..

So everytime I go to Bandung, I am a *tiny* bit saddened that they don't "do it like they did back home" (he he he... that sounds.. ahem!).  Which is why I've started having cocktails before.  Their Long Island Iced Thai Tea is a dream.  It's EXACTLY what a LIIT should be, a poor excuse for trying to get as much alcohol as possible in one container.  Add the creamy goodness of a Thai tea, and WOW... you've got a sweet and exotic drink that will satisfy the masses.  The lumpias are so crisp and delicious.  

The nasigoreng...well... I've had better, but they do make a good job at it, I WILL say.  I think it's got to be something with the tofu.  I *thought* they don't season the tofu, and thus when you eat the nasigoreng, the rice and veggies are really good, but maybe if you leave the rice for the next day, the taste will seep in the tofu.  Well.. Thanks to their GENEROUSLY sized portions, this is exactly what I did.  I tasted the nasi the next day... PERFECTION.  Too bad I can't exactly recommend to them to give me last night's nasigoreng.... hehe.

Fried banana dessert (hey, I'm ALL about desserts), is a dream.....
I love great Asian places with reasonably priced noodle dishes. This is one such place. Flavorful, varied menu, nice atmosphere, good service. The strip-mall location is a little devoid of character, but it's a great place.
I think this is a Top 3 Madison Restaurant for me.

I've never been less than 100% satisfied upon each visit.  Their Curry Fried Rice is Curry Fried Ridiculous.  Ridiculously awesome, that is.  They have a curry dish w/shrimp and potatoes that's fantastic, too.  It was a discovery of my ex's that when you pour the sauce from the shrimp-potato dish over the curry fried rice, you're left with a sinful, drool-inspiring juggernaut.  As he put it, "Curry goes really good with more curry."  

They have an awe-inspiring lunch special, and are otherwise kind of pricey.  Do I mind?  Not at all.  I would eat here every other day if I could afford it.  It's making my tummy rumble just thinking about it.
remember Boutros Boutros-Ghali?

remember how fun it was it. mouth it with me. your corworkers wont laugh

boutros bourtros

now let's say gado gado

gado gado

and it's delicious. and rich. and cheap. and, down the street.

gado gado
My expectations for take out are usually pretty low, so I was very pleasantly surprised by the dinner I had from Bandung last night. The sate tempe was fantastic! Whenever I cook it at home, it still tastes a wee bit sour/fermented. This tempe was soft and smoky, with a delicious, sweet peanut sauce. The Spicy Holy Basil tofu was divine and the Asse Cabe (he he, ass cab!) was super spicy and amazing!
The boyfriend and I first had Indonesian food in Amsterdam about 3 years ago. And we haven't had it since. Why, you ask? Because somehow, there isn't a single Indonesian restaurant in Chicago. I know, right?

Anywho, we were in Madison for the day visiting his sister, and since all we did was eat nonstop, as soon as we got to her apartment, we started planning dinner. The boyfriend jokingly asked if there were any Indonesian places, so I entered it into the little search box, and lo and behold, Bandung appeared.

We arrived at around 7ish on Saturday, told the wait would be 20-30 minutes, and were seated after about 10.  We went for the Rice Table, which isn't cheap at $25 pp, so we got enough for 2 people and an additional entree. They charge $10 for splitting, but the waitress informed us that if you order another entree, they take off the charge. Good to know.

I have no idea what we ate, but everything was delicious. The standout was a chicken curry dish- shredded chicken with coconut milk and curry. It was very beige, but very delicious.  The beef dish was very tasty as well- really everything was great. The only dish we all agreed was the least favorite was the hard-boiled-then-fried eggs. Not so much on that one.

The cocktails look fun and dangerous, but we didn't imbibe anything fancy.  Overall, the food is great and definitely satisfies that hankering' for Indonesian cuisine.
I ate here a long time ago but was impressed by the peanut curry I had and the friendly service. The waiter was knowledgeable about what was vegan or what could be made vegan.

The atmosphere is pretty nice here, too and the restaurant could serve as a good date spot.
I always enjoy going here, but I've never had Indonesian food before, so I have nothing else to compare it to. The dishes have similarities to Thai and Indian food. Very quick and attentive service, and a nice seating environment. Just an observation: it seems to be a requirement for everyone on staff to be a dark-haired girl with lots of tattoos and facial piercings.
We went here for the first time last night and enjoyed our experience.  We had the SAMBAL GORENG TEMPE, BAKMI JAHE, SATE SAPI.  I like that they have the vegetarian options, including substituting beef and chicken with tofu.  

Like a previous yelper mentioned, it does seem that the entire wait staff are dark-haired girls with multiple tattoos and facial piercings.  However, they were just as professional and friendly as the more traditional looking wait staff, so who cares!  

The atmosphere is nice, calm, dimly light, we liked that too.

I gave this experience 3 stars because the food was good, but not "I must have more or I will die" good.  Plus, we waited a long time for the food to come to the table and when we were done with the main course we weren't offered dessert, which we would have liked to try since the whole Indonesian cuisine thing was new to us.
This place is very enjoyable.  I really liked the atmosphere. It was nice and cozy and felt as if we were in another place on vacation (Say... Indonesia) instead of good old Madison, WI. 

The food was yummy!!  I ordered the Nasi Rames, it was an awesome combination platter with beef tenderloin, soybean cakes, and potatoes with green beans in a curry sauce. Mmmmm what tasty flavorful spices it had.   My mate got the Mahi Mahi Special and I was also very impressed by the great flavor that had as well.   

I thought the Long Island Iced Thai Tea was refreshing and was soo adorable with a flower on top. 

We thought the service was great and the server did a great job explaining the different choices available. 

For dinner I thought everything was fairly priced, We ordered 1 appetizer, 3 specialty drinks and 2 dinners and it was $50..   I think thats well worth some good food!  

I am not a vegetarian, but if I was I would suggest this place as they have quite a few vegetarian options..
Good food. A great selection of dishes. The atmosphere is very relaxed but several dishes are on the pricier side.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. The first time was for a rehearsal dinner back in 2003. It is located in a small strip mall and the outside looks pretty average. Inside, it is pretty with lots of Indonesian art on the walls and dim lighting. The food is the real show stopper though; I especially love the rendang curry. The seafood and produce always taste really fresh. They are clearly all about quality products and bold flavors here. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Madison!
One of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  
The staff is always great, and they make wonderful suggestions.  Once a waitress added gratuity on our bill told us about it and came back to tell us again when she realized we added an additional 15% on to it.  How very considerate!
The vegetarian options are numerous.  I especially like the red curry squash and anything with the sweet and spicy candlenut sauce.  I've been told that the opor ayum is wonderful.
Confession: I have been to Indonesia and had plenty of local Indonesian food. So my standards are high and my comments might not represent the masses.

First let's talk about the service. The waitresses were less than friendly/ professional. One of them interrupted my boyfriend when he was asking her a question. When I asked her what was in a particular dish, she said, "exactly as it says on the menu: beef, onions, peppers, etc.". I wondered if I looked blind or illiterate to her? Then when I asked her to heat up a soup dish because it was cold, she said "well, it shouldn't be cold, because it just came off the stove". I guess she either likes her soup cold, or she doesn't understand the difference between "putting it on the stove" and "serving the soup after it boils". It took her forever to take the soup back out to us. Shortly after we were done, she dropped the check on our table without saying anything. When we had to wait for change, she took so long we had to go up to the counter to ask for it. 

Now let's talk about the food. Before I went to Bandung, I asked my Indonesian friend and my other friend who works there for suggestions. So naturally, I ordered the "authentic" and "best dishes" of the house: SATE KAMBING (marinated lamb skewers with rice cakes), RED CURRY SQUASH, and SOTO AYAM (lemon grass flavored broth with chicken breast, bean sprouts, green onion, egg and mung bean noodle). 

Well, the Sate Kambing and Soto Ayam came out COLD, which they were NOT supposed to be. There was way too much sauce on the lamb, and the portion is very small for it's price ($12.95 for 6 tiny skewers). Also, the rice cake was very lumpy and mushy. I could barely tell that it was rice. The Soto Ayam was way too salty. Red curry squash was ok, but I could have had this dish at any Thai- or Asian-inspired restaurants. Meh.

This is one of the few situations when bad service coupled with worse-than-average food truly ruined my evening. I was very excited about going to an Indonesian restaurant and I went home completely unsatisfied and disappointed.
Ok, so this place is great.  I know, I gush over a lot of restaurants.  But, I do enjoy this place a lot.

The food is delicious and served promptly.  The place looks very nice and has very clean bathrooms.  The service is amazing and the people are nice as hell.

I had the Pad Thai (I know, lame...) but it was delicious, spicy and the vegetables included there in were crisp and fresh.  My ex got the Sate Tempe and thought it was real meat.  She panicked.  She flipped.  She almost cried.  I told her it only tasted and felt like pork, but definitely wasn't.  She didn't believe me.  We had to ask the waitress.

The spring rolls?  Some of the best I've ever had.  No joke.  I love it.  Absolutely loved it.  The sauce they were served with: not sugary but still sweet!  OH MY GOD!

So, this place is great.  I love it.  You gotta try it if you're in Madison.
I am giving this 3 stars because we all thought the food was delicious. The wait staff was horrendous! We did not have a reservation and were told there was a 20-30 minute wait, so we decided to wait. The waiting area has some tables and what appears to be a bar. We were handed a drink menu and when we decided and tried to order we were told they could not get us a drink as they were all too busy waiting on and bussing tables! In our 30 minute wait, we never got a drink. We waited forever for the one glass of water we had for the evening. Our water glasses were never refilled, we were never asked if we wanted a second cocktail. Every time a server came to our table (there were a total of 4 throughout the night) they apologized for the wait, the slow service etc., but it never got any better, The place was full, but I do not think that was the reason for the poor service. This has to be the worst run place we have ever dined at. One person in our party ordered a martini with an olive. When it arrived, no olive, but a promise of one soon. It was at least 10 minutes until the olive showed up. Our food was tasty, but small portions and pricey. We had a gift certificate, but failed to let them know ahead of time. I am pretty sure they tack on 18% for having the gift certificate!!! We noticed the sign on the way out to tell them prior to ordering that you have one. I wonder if our service would have been even worse then??? All in all we were there over 2 hours and had the worst service of our lives! I can't imagine not wanting to improve it. Judging by the other reviews here we were not the only ones to experience this
Just went here again tonight for dinner.  I've bumped my rating up to five stars from three, simply because the food was outstanding.  I've never traveled to other countries, and I can't claim Indonesian heritage, but the stuff we had tonight was so good, I ate until I was ready to explode.  

Unlike last time, the food came fast, and our server was on the ball!  She was friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  It didn't hurt that she was cute as a button either.  She also offered desserts, which they didn't do last time we were there.  Though, I did not partake, because like I said I was ready to explode.

Notice the last two paragraphs both ended with the word "explode."  It would have been cool if I had done that in the parking lot.    

Just sayin'.
Disclaimer. I am a friend of the owner and therefore may be biased in my review, although I do not believe I am being partial. :P

If you are looking for good Indonesian food, I recommend Bandung. 
Most meals are in the $8-$18 range and the portions are sizeable. 
I tried the Krakatau dish, breaded chicken in a peanut sauce, and it was magnificent. The staff seemed friendly. 

I can't comment on speed of service during a busy period, as some reviewers have, as it was very late and only a few people were in the restaurant at the time. I promise though that I will go on the busiest day and surprise them one day. Then I'll update the review.

As for authenticity, I'm not well versed in Indonesian food, as I'm Korean. But, I know what tastes good to my palate and this food tastes good. The owner is Indonesian and I've known him for 30 years. So it's not like the malls where you have a Japanese restaurant run by Mexican workers and owned by a Mexican. The food at Bandung is the real deal, if you have any doubts, dispel them. The owner was born & raised in Indonesia. He visits Indonesia regularly to keep in touch with his family and also to keep in touch with his roots and his cooking.
Did not make me want to go to Indonesia.
Sorry this is so brief but there was nothing extraordinary about any part of our meal.
Service was so so.
Probably will not return.
Very pricey.
I'm adding another star to my original review after I just experienced the vegetarian rijsttafel. We sampled over a dozen dishes and they were all fantanstic. It's a great deal for the city's best (if not, only) vegetarian feast! It's 24.95 for one person, $10 for another person to share OR you can opt to add a full sized entree for the regular price (about $12). We certainly didn't need the entree, but we happily took it home for lunch!
Recently went here for lunch with my man and his fam...
Super cute place, odd that its in a strip mall, but the interior is cute.
Pretty large drink list with fun cocktails, wine, local beers and thai beers!
I of course got the tofu pad thai... I had to :)  It was pretty good, the best I have had in Madison so far. My man got the red curry squash (?) which he really enjoyed.  His mom got a different curry dish which she enjoyed and his dad got the lamb kabobs, which look great and I guess tasted amazing!  Plus, at lunch time you get a choice of one of four appetizers; vegetarian eggrolls, cream cheese wontons with sirracha, a coconut soup and.... I forget the last one.  But I can say that the wontons were super tasty and the eggroll were a-ok.  We all had an appetizer lunch and a beer for under $50!  What a deal!  And the server was awesome... It wasn't too busy but she was so nice and explained everything to us!
We will definately be back, they have a ton of vegetarian options!
I went here last month with my boyfriend, I had one of those restaurant.com gift certificates. I let the server know and she was very informative and said she would keep a running tally to make sure we got to the $30 minimum. We ended up getting 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a dessert. Service was overall good, but it got a little slow at the end.

The appetizers were decent, and I really liked my entree. I think it was eggplant curry. My boyfriend didn't really like his dish though. He thought it was really bland. 

The dessert menu was disappointing. There was chocolate cake and some generic desserts, but I was hoping there would be something Indonesian. 

Overall, I thought it was a good value with the gift certificate but probably not worth the full prices.
Went here with a group of 4 last night for dinner.  We ordered the rijstafel (rice table), a mixture of about 10 entree items served family style for sharing.  On top of that, we ordered the duck entree.  All of the dishes were fantastic as usual.  With the rijstafel, you get shrimp, beef tenderloin, chicken and egg dishes, as well as a cucumber salad and Indonesian-style crackers.  At $25 per person, it's not cheap, but well worth it due to the variety, quality, and quantity of the food.  As many people are not familiar with Indonesian cuisine, this is a great way to try a lot of dishes at once without having to decipher the menu.  There's also a vegetarian-only rijstafel option, and many vegetarian dishes on the menu using tempeh and tofu.

This would have been a 5-star review, but service is almost always cripplingly slow, which I believe is due to understaffing.  Servers are increibly knowledgeable and eager to share useful recommendations, but are often rushed through service due to having far too many tables.  For example, our server was able to describe everything on the menu up and down, and recommend that we order 3 rijstafels for our group of four, with an additional entree for even more variety.  However, when she came to deliver the food she had to rush through all the descriptions and even apologized for it before running off.  Unfortunately, she apologized several more times for things running extremely slow, but it never got better, which is a shame.  Owners, if you're reading this, add another server during peak times!
I look forward to eating at Bandung every time I am in Madison. Usually once per year.
The Vegetable Curry with bamboo chutes is so fricken good, you'll lose your mind! The bamboo is so tender, you'll think they're noodles! From the sound of the other reviewers, I seem to get lucky with the service. They've been friendly enough to me. Or perhaps I go at the right time, because I don't seem to to recall it ever being too terribly busy. The prices seemed fair and decent to me too. I don't blame folks for docking stars for bad or nasty service, but for those reviewers who don't seem to care for tasty international flavors nor the price of a $7.95 lunch or a $9.95 dinner...may I suggest Swanson® Frozen Foods.
I was expecting an authentic indonesian restaurant in madison. reason is that there are many indonesian student in Madison. but apparently, not.
don't get me wrong, it is not bad, because the food is now tailored to american taste. I'm kinda surprise to see soo many people in the restaurant, and I'm the only non white.
I ordered empek2, sayur lodeh, tahu and some other items.
the food don't even look right (close), but it don't taste even close to what it supposed to be.
if you think you've taste indonesian food and you think that place taste good. wait till you taste the real good one. it will blow your sock off.

good place to get to know indonesian food. but for people who are looking for good indonesian food, not here.
This place has some truly fantastic dishes to offer! I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys big flavors. All the apps. are great. My faves are the Tahu Isi (stuffed tofu), and Martabak Telor (mix of beef and green onion,wrapped in filo-esque dough and deep fried). Everyone will be happy if you go here,vegetarian,or non. Really nice bar now too! Great speciality drinks. Have a great meal, and then follow it up with a cocktail next door. This is a great way to spend an evening,as I have done, many times. GGGGGGreat place to take a date!
The rangoon-type starter was absolutely delicious, filled with oniony, garlicy cream cheese and provided with a spicy sauce, it was the best I've ever had.  The Sate Ayam was perfectly cooked and the sauce was very tasty.  I really didn't like the rice, I thought it was bland and sticky, but if it is traditional Indonesian, I don't have a problem with it and it really didn't mar my meal at all.  The cucumbers were wonderful.
Service was fine, I went there for lunch and was the first one in the restaurant so I had no trouble at all.  The server recommended the rangoon and I am very glad she did.  I will definetely be returning.
The place was awesome. Food was EXCEPTIONAL. And definitely reasonably priced. Check it out. I know that I will be going back.
Bandung is one of the best among the numerous Laotian/Indonesian/Thai restaurants on Madison's near east side.  The squash curry and pad thai are two of my favorite menu items, but in addition to the standard curry, noddle, and pad thai dishes, they also have more "entree" type items - fish, etc.  Everything is delicious, and service is fast.  Bandung is often busy - every night of the week - but with the recently opened addition there is rarely a wait for a table anymore.
Food is not so authentic but the best there is in Madison.
Don't let 3 stars discourage you. To receive 5 stars the food, service and atmosphere has to be outstanding. Bandung has a pleasant setting. The food is tasty, not authentic Indonesian, but a nice change from typical fare that one might find. The waitstaff are friendly and try hard. While I was there the restaurant was constantly busy on a Wednesday night. The food was presented promptly so if you don't have much time you can get in and out pretty quick. On of the interesting things that I overheard was that they were completely out of white wine. In my opinion that should never happen. It is not like there is a multitude of places that the restaurant manager could make a quick run to and purchase some temporary replacements until they get a new delivery. Also, whether this is the norm or not, there were a lot of young families here for dinner with very young children, and yes they were all well behaved and quiet. No guarantees for the future though.
Food was great. Drink was questionable. Service was truly sad. I'll try it again, because I've got a $25 certificate, and the food really was that good. I'll report again after that.
There are two things I cannot stand: bad service and parking tickets. Luckily I only had one tonight.

I had read several reviews saying the service was slow here, so I came prepared to wait. I did not, however, come prepared for a waitress that made eye contact but steered clear of our table for ten minutes while we tried to point out she brought the wrong appetizer. When she finally made it over, she said it was what we ordered even though we clearly said something else (do tempe and tahu sound similar to you?).

My dining partner, being polite, did not demand we get our original appetizer, much to my chagrin.

After that debacle, it took a good twenty minutes to get our food. The food was good, but I had wanted a papaya dish several yelpers said they loved, and they were out of papaya.

All in all, the food was relatively good though didn't strike me as particularly authentic (I've had the same dishes at Laotian and Thai places), but the service killed it.

I can understand being busy and not having time to come over, but we were one of four tables. I can understand making a mistake on an order, but then you offer to bring the correct dish. 

All said, won't be going back.
This is another place I always meant to try when I lived in Madison but never did.  I had a gift certificate from restaurants.com and decided to use it with a friend.
We started with some ginger tea, which really hit the spot since I have a cold.  There are these ginger chews I adore and this tasted like a hot, liquefied version of that.  I took the package along with me to find it.
We split an order of lumpia, which were brough to the table hot and crispy with a sweet sauce that had chopped peanuts in it.
I had curried eggplant.  Great mixture of veggies and tofu.  Warm and comforting.
We had to reach a minimum amount, which gave just enough room to split a dessert of fried plantains.  They were dipped in batter and fried.  With a dusting of powdered sugar and raspberry cream sauce on the side they hit the spot without being too sweet.
It was a lovely evening playing catch-up with a friend.  I wish I had dressed a little nicer.
This place is hit or miss. I've gone and had great food and service. And sometimes the waitstaff are incredibly rude, as some other commentators have mentioned. I ordered delivery. It took them 1 hour and 40 minutes to deliver the food! (The estimated wait time was "only" 1 hour.) I live just a few blocks from the restaurant. When I called to inquire where the delivery was, they hung up on me! I had to call back several times to get an answer, they kept saying, just 10 more minutes. Finally the food arrived cold, right before my friends were picking me up to go out for the night. I had enough time to eat 4 bites before I had to leave. They were incredibly rude about it too. Probably won't go there again. I give it 2 stars because sometimes the food and drinks are good, but really not worth putting up with rude service. There are other great Asian restaurants on Williamson St.
It's too bad the food was decent because I will never go back go this place. The food took over an hour to come out, and while we were waiting, the waitress never even showed her face. When we got her attention, she told us that there was a big party, and that the kitchen was backed up. No apologies, no recourse. Afterwards, when someone in my party tried to complain to the manager in a very polite tone, he was thrown out! Someone, please open an Indonesian restaurant in Madison that isn't  by idiots and tools.
I'll start off by addressing what some other recent reviewers have mentioned: the long wait for food. We actually didn't experience this when we went. Our food came out in a timely manner; it may have even been faster than what you usually get at most restaurants (we were there for a 6:30 reservation, for perspective).

As for the food, my opinions are mixed. On the one hand, the food wasn't bad. It wasn't great by any means, but it was passable. For the mid to low teens that you pay per plate, it's fine.

As for authenticity, it seemed like they had some authentic dishes, but that they were not authentically prepared. Be this due to laziness, lack of knowledge, or watering down for the midwestern palate I don't know, but it didn't seem anywhere near spicy enough.

Overall, I wouldn't come here again. It was interesting to try, and it wasn't a bad experience, but nothing really wowed me enough to merit a return visit. In summary, meh.
Cool place to eat. Awesome cocktails as well as food. I love the coconut cocktail and the Ikan Rica Rica. They just opened a bar.
Not to impressed at all....food was not tasty....too salty, and egg rolls had a strange flavor, like the oil wasn't
  good?  Won't go again.
Love the food here, and I'm a big fan of their wine specials.  This is where we take our out of town guests, and one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
We showed up and it was a full house, including a party of 35.  Apparently, this party of 35 just showed up, no reservations, no warning.  Given that information, we were VERY understanding and willing to wait, because we really love the food here.  

However, juggling a large party, and the bevy of usual Saturday night diners effectively was apparently beyond their capabilities.  Based on previous reviews it sounds like my experience was not an isolated incident, they just CAN'T handle it when it gets that busy in there.  

Unfortunately, they only had one server working the entire dining room that wasn't part of the party of 35.  She was almost running the entire time and looked totally frazzled.  She brought us appetizers and took our order.  One hour and forty minutes later, the minor at our table was threatening to eat the napkins, and my other dining companion was ready to walk out.  Over an hour and half wait for the main course is ridiculous, but what makes it even worse was the fact that our waitress didn't stop by even once to tell us what the hell was going on.  

Things became even more ludicrous when we realized that several people had come, sat down, ordered, eaten, and left in that 1 hour and 40 minutes, and we still hadn't even seen our food yet.    

One hour and 45 minutes later our food arrived, and our waitress said she was sorry it took so long, that it was crazy in the kitchen because of the party of 35, and that's all we got.  We waited all that time, didn't get refills, no extra apps to hold us over, no discount on the bill, nothing.  We ate in 15 minutes and then we were done.  

It was the the most outrageous, unprofessional behavior we have ever encountered in a dining establishment. They might as well have told us to "get the F out" when we walked in the door, it would have been less insulting.
Excellent food.  Great staff; both very friendly and very patient.  Lots of vegan options (and nonveg as well).  If you ask for spicy, it will be spicy.  I love the heat.  Plus the homemade tempe is delicious too.

I wish it were closer to me in Chicago.  Right now it's the closest Indo food to me.
We walked in at 8:50p and they said they wouldn't sear us because they stop seating at 8:45p.  Ridiculous. Won't have to worry about ever seating me again.
I admit I am not an expert on Indonesian food (to the extent there is such a monlithic thing, given regional variations), but the food here rang true to my experiences on Java, less so on other islands. We arrived there after a protracted happy hour, but had the wisdom to check their hours and call ahead. We were told they stopped seating at 8:45, and made sure we arrived a couple minutes before. Service was pleasant, good, and we were not hurried at any point during a lengthy meal. We chose to dine outside and lamps were promptly brought and relit for us. The dishes I had were well prepared, generous, and spiced to my preferences. Bandung also has a fine, reasonably priced selection of beers and ales that complement the food. I am puzzled by some of the other comments I see about authenticity of the food and the quality of service, but we each have our own expectations. Mine were well met.
My husband and I really enjoyed our experience at  Bandung! It was pretty slow when we stopped there on a week night, but service was still a bit slow. We didn't let it get to us, though. The chicken pad thai and curry eggplant were both tasty!
If you ever have dinner with me in the near future it's likely you'll hear me say: 

"Let's get something spicy, I mean like Bandung spicy." 
"Let's get something really creative, I mean like Bandung creative."
"Let's get something super flavorful, I mean like Bandung super flavorful." 

(You see where I'm going, yes?)

Bandung has set the standard for me here in Madison of what it means to bring spice, flavor and creativity into a really interesting dish that you're not going to find on any other menu in town. I'll be honest, after reading the reviews online and driving by the dumpy little strip it's in, I didn't have much reason to check out the inside. BUT, Tenth & Blake hosted a Yelp Elite event last month which served as my first introduction and I couldn't wait to get back. (But I did, like 3 weeks... what the hell was I thinking?!)

The menu is huge, there's something for everyone regardless of if you like spice or not. There are also safe options if you're not ready to plunge into Indonesian right away (but just do it). I started with a chicken and steak skewer and holy cow... for grilled meat these things are bomb. So much flavor. So much great char on the outside but juicy and moist on the inside. From there I moved on to the Ikan Rica Rica and I need to pause and collect my thoughts... 

...

This dish, without a doubt is one of the best things I've had in Madison, certainly the best fish dish. An ENORMOUS filet of mahi-mahi is lightly breaded and served on a bed of steamed vegetables with a lime leaf and candle nut sauce and diced tomatoes, ginger and sambal. Holy cow... HOLY COW! my mouth is watering just thinking about the little bit I have left in the fridge (it's big). There aren't really words to describe how good this dish is. A cornucopia of spicy, sweet flavors and flaky fish. The veggies are flavorful! Not just steamed mush. 

Just go, get it, you won't be disappointed.

But if you are disappointed, send me a message. I'll take you back to Bandung (my treat) if you have a one-star experience. Because honestly I don't know how that's possible. Seriously. If you truly believe it's one star, I'll meet you there and we'll find you a favorite. (I'm looking at you Maria.)

The folks easy make it into my top 5 in Madison. And they should be in yours too.
Since there is no other Indonesian restaurant in Madison, there is no competition. Still the food is really good. Make sure to get the desserts there as well. I like the ambiance there as well - cool artwork.
I went here on a recommendation with a friend on Valentine's day. The decor is light and makes you comfortable. The waitresses are quite prompt and friendly.
We had the Chicken skewer appetizers which were delicious. The Red Squash Curry was amazing too, and one more dish who's name was funny hence hard to collect. Really loved the food. The waitress was able to help us pair a red wine for our dinner.

The chocolate lava cake was quite tasty, but I've had better (very few times though).

All in all, a great experience. Will definitely recommend to friends, and also planning to visit in the future.
Excellent!  After multiple recommendations, we finally were able to visit Bandung.  I made a reservation for 8pm on a Friday and I was glad I did, the place was quite busy.  Our server was quite friendly, helpful with suggestions and attentive, even labeling our to-go containers at the end of the evening (always a nice touch, me thinks).  

We started with a couple IPA's ($4-5) and I ordered the Red Curry Squash ($13.95), requesting it mild; our server did fairly warn me that not much having to do with curry can be made with zero spice.  Fair enough, and it was a wee bit spicy, but I survived.  Their strategy of leaving a carafe of water on the table helped too.  The flavor was excellent and the veggies fresh and yummy.  We gobbled up the Lumpia ($3.25, veggie eggrolls) which served two and were piping hot.  My dining companion ordered one of the noodle specials, an Indonesian mac n' cheese, and let's just say HE didn't need a to-go box (no good food left behind!).  Dinner entrees are not cheap here, but at least they are quite good. 

The restaurant itself is split into two areas - the dining area and the bar area. It seems like they have quite a few events and specials during the week in the bar area that may be worth checking out, I was informed their Facebook page is the spot to go to keep up with all that. 

BOTTOM LINE:  Bandung Indonesian may fill the void I've felt from a lack of good Thai options in the area (true story).  I have a feeling we will be back here quite a bit!
The food here is excellent.  The atmosphere was really cozy.  Service was a bit long but it is worth the wait.  I had the Salmon dinner and WOW!!!!  Amazing!!!  My friends and I shared the Key Lime Cheese cake, and it WAS delicious!!!!  When I visit Wisconsin again, I will definitely come back to visit.
I've been to Bandung a few times and it has always impressed.  The menu is extensive and can seem a little overwhelming at first, but the waitstaff is friendly and always knowledgeable.  The food has never let me down.  One aspect that is particularly nice it their seasonal specials.  

The other day the special was a seared flank steak with peanut sauce served over a bead of rice and perfectly cooked vegetables.  The steak was well cooked - tender enough to be cut with a fork alone - but had a good char that added just a little something extra to the dish.  I don't eat steak often, but when I do I have high expectations.  This dish certainly met those expectations.  

With great staff, good food, and plenty of beverages available to pair with your dish Bandung is a place not to be missed for the initiated and uninitiated to Indonesian cuisine.
Although I've eaten there a handful of times, Bandung is my go-to take out place. There are deals you can get by ordering online, and we usually order some combination of Pad Thai, Red Curry Squash, Opor Ayam, and Lumpia for our appetizer. Other favories include Galai Kambing,Sambal Goreng Ketang, Bihun Kari, and Asse Cabe. Our only complaint about the take out is that they never give you enough rice -- one big spoonful (probably about 1/2 cup) per entree. My husband loves rice so we always have to make more at home. 

Although we order from there all the time, it is worth going there and checking it out.  They have EXCELLENT drinks. They also have clearly been working on revamping the bar area, introducing some bar food specials, etc. One time I played trivia there and it was pretty good except there wasn't really enough seating. 

All in all Bandung is a unique place and a unique eating experience. In my opinion, their Pad Thai is the best in town -- and that's saying something!
The Pad Thai was described as the best in town: and it lived up to it, and for five dollars!  No beer on tap at the bar, which is strange, but they do have Rhinelander shorties which is pretty cool.
The indo mac and cheese (no cheese added) is very good. If you can get one made, the jalapeño margarita is absolutely awesome!
Really great pad thai with tofu + thai iced teas.

Have quite a few vegetarian/vegan options

Love that they do delivery through GrubHub!
If you want the best fried wontons ever, you HAVE to visit this restaurant. My sister and I had lunch at Bandung a few weeks ago.  We both ordered daily specials.  Unfortunately, it's been too long and I can't remember exactly what each of us ordered.  What I do remember is how good the food was.  Both meals came with an appetizer.  My sister had the egg roll, which she said was good. I had the fried wontons, which were to die for.  They were in very delicate wrappers, much thinner and tastier than the ones I usually get in a restaurant.  The filling was flavorful and the whole thing was fried to just the right temperature.  I wished I'd had more.  Our meals were also very tasty and even included an orchid, which was edible.  I can tell we both really liked it, as when we were finished, neither of us had left even a morsel of rice left on our plates.  My only complaint would be that even for lunch, the portions were small.  Will I go back?  Absolutely!  Just to make things more attractive, there are coupons for the restaurant in the Entertainment coupon book too.
I was very impressed with Bandung. The first item I tried was the mango curry. It was delicious. My most recent order was pad thai with tofu and their version of egg rolls for delivery. The food arrived within 20 minutes on a Saturday evening. There are few places that can deliver that quickly, especially on a Saturday evening. 

The food was hot, fresh, and delicious! The portions were huge and lasted me 2-3 meals. I highly recommend them and will definitely be ordering again!
I ate at Bandung last Friday night with my adult son. It was UW graduation weekend. It was packed. We arrived late, around 9:30 and was seated right away. The place was hopping but it was clear people were happy and getting good service.
.
We had a fabulous waitress who never rushed us, really understood the menu and was able to clearly describe the food and cocktails. Everything we ordered she recommended based on our likes and dislikes.

We started with beef and lamb satay which had a think and luscious sauce ($2 per skewer).  They were the perfect match to our cocktail which was bourbon and some sort of ginger and spice concoction. The class was large and filled to the brim. The rim was lightly covered in sugar and cinnamon. It was absolutely delicious. We held off ordering our entrees until we had the skewers in hand. We never felt rushed. At one point another young woman asked if we had been waited on and just wanted to be sure everything was okay. Nice touch!

I am always watching my weight (up and down) so I was sad to see that just about everything was fried. But if you have to eat fried food, eat it here. My son had Krakatau (chicken with a sweet tangy garlic sauce) and I had Sizzling Shrimp with a sweet and tangy sauce. The shrimp and chicken were lightly breaded and not heavy at all. I was pleased to see that the sauces were not the same and each complemented the protein to a T. Both dishes came with perfectly prepared veggies which still were slightly crisp, The waitress told my son that his dish was like general Tsao's chicken- but good. We laughed but she was right. Each dish was about $15.

I hadn't been to Bandung in ages. They have remodeled and there was a new bar/lounge added. That night there was live music and a belly dancer. That area was also quite full. 

I had an Entertainment Club coupon. She brought the bill, I added my 20% tip and signed the receipt. The waitress then told me that the tip had already been added so I should take my tip off.  Honesty.... always appreciated.

We took home some leftovers and kept commenting about our wonderful meal. I will definitely return to Bandung. i just have to take off a little weight first.
Do stop in and eat if you get the chance. 

Bandung is not much to look at outside, especially compared to some of the unique store fronts on Willy Street...but once my fiance and I sat down on the patio and had a glance at the menu, it surely didn't matter.

We dined on a Sunday evening, an evening when Bandung has a SUPER cheap menu of eats. Dishes are $5 and can satisfy a woman with a moderate appetite. He was still hungry with one of the $5 dishes and some kebabs. I'm guessing the $5 plates were likely a tad smaller than their regular dishes. We shared the Kebabs, an Ayam, Sapi, and Tempe, and oh my GOSH the sauce was amazing!

Much to our delight, the same sauce was drizzled over the Gado Gado, which we both ordered, as $5 plates on the patio. Steamed vegetables, tofu, and egg, with the delicious peanut sauce. MMMM. 

I'm now googling Indonesian food to make at home.
As Indonesians ourselves, it wasn't our first time to be here. Usually the Indonesian student assocation would have some gatherings here, and I came once or twice. I ever brought my Japanese and American friends here too, as they wanted to try some Indonesian delicacy. Well, they loved it. 
Today, we had lumpia and otak-otak as the appetizers. Both were good. 
We then ordered beef fried rice, gulai kambing (the lamb curry), and the sambal goreng udang (Shrimp, green bean, potato, mung bean noodle and lemon grass in a sweet and spicy candle nut sauce and a side of crisp steam broccoli). I will recommend their gulai kambing (the lamb curry), it's super good! and the rice cake tastes like the one we have back home. So, the GULAI KAMBING is SOLID. Our guest coming all the way from Minnesota always loves Bandung fried rice. Unfortunately, their sambal goreng udang was not really our taste. It's been customized to American taste, which is understandable. It was too sweet that should have been spicy, so we didn't enjoy it at all. The taste wasn't even close. I don't think we will order this dish ever again. But, we'll be back  for their GULAI KAMBING and the rice cake (lontong). It's delish. 
And, ehm, it's a bit costly. 

And thank you, Yelp and Bandung for the 10 percent off of the bill after checking in.
Tasty food and tasty cocktails. Cocktailwise, of particular note, is the motor oil and the vegetable oil, although the indotini and nutty ginger were also good. Food was quite good although I expected the rendang to be a bit spicier (and in fact the papaya dish was a bit spicier than expected).

Main problem was the 80 minute wait for our entrees. Staff stated that they had quite a bit of delivery and takeout orders that jammed up the kitchen. Would have thought the diners in the restaurant would take priority, but no denying the food was quite good when it arrived.
no offense but the waiter or the server should really need to learn that the rice and the curry should be placed into two different boxes to go!
The food here is phenomenal.

Great veggie/vegan options.
Hands down our favorite restaurant in Madison.  Another fun ethnic food option in town.  

Favorites here include the Oseng Oseng Tempe (they make their own tempe on site), and the Holy Basil with chicken.

Meals are flavorful with several options depending on your tastes.  Also they often times have discounts available through Groupon or the local Bucky Book so look around if you plan to stop.
This was my first time eating at an Indonesian restaurant. Despite not recognizing many of the dish names, everything we ordered tasted familiar, like the fried tofu with chili dipping sauce, and coconut red curry with squash (both great vegan/vegetarian options). I love how they suggest tasty local beers with some of the dishes, and I think they did a great job with the pairings. 

The food was carefully prepared and served in reasonable portion sizes. We were informed that their pad Thai (the only thing on their menu not Indonesian) is rated the best in Madison, and it was pretty good. I'm glad we tried it so we can move on to the other dishes next time. The interior has a serene feel, and it is a great choice for a nice dinner out in Madison if you're tired of eating Italian. 

The dessert menu wasn't inspiring, but their late night menu was like a siren's call across the isthmus. I'll have to come back for it -- after one appetizer, two dishes, and  three beers, we didn't have room for much else.
Haven't really been disappointed here, some really unique and interesting food. I wouldn't recommend the spring rolls, but the shrimp wrapped in wonton appetizer is awesome.

for entrees I stick with the osang osang or the Udang Goreng Mentega the spicy candle nut sauce on both of those is definitely sweet but great tasting.
Pad Thai = 5 boom towns. It's just that good. Also, decent beer selection!
I had Indonesian food in Amsterdam and love it.  We don't have any Indonesian restaurants in Minneapolis-St. Paul, so I was excited to find one in Madison, WI!  Upon review of the menu, I found about 6 or 7 different entrees that sounded great, and had a hard time choosing. So I asked the waitress about something I'd tried in Amsterdam: an arrangement of small plates with samples of many things on the menu.  And, great news - it's called "a rice table" and they had it (but it wasn't listed on the menu, so one has to have some insider information - or a proactive waitress). For $26/person,  you get to try many things and walk away a satisfied customer.
I would be willing to try Bandung again but I would say my first experience was disappointing. 

I had checked out their menu online and was debating between getting delivery or just picking it up myself. I decided to pick it up myself because there was a note that said it would take up to 45 mins. I called and placed my order and was told it would be about 20-25 mins.

I got there on time and I had to wait an additional 20 mins. I'm a patient person but if that was the case I would have gotten delivery. Also if you place your order online the prices reflect if you opt for delivery not if you pick it up (prices are higher), just an FYI. I was not given a total before hanging up so so I ended up paying more than I would have liked. 

The indo mac I would say had a great flavor to it. But I was hoping for a lot more chicken and veggies and felt like it was 75% just noodles. The lumpia was neither good or bad just average I would say.

They do trivia on Monday nights if you are looking for a place to go!
I don't understand. 
I just don't get it.

Why doesn't this place have a bajillion reviews? There's nothing else like it.
Why is it that nobody knows what I'm talking about when I mention it? 
Why is it always empty at lunch?

Maybe people are so overcome by the flavor profiles they aren't certain what to write? 
Maybe I don't know enough adventurous eaters? 
Maybe everyone goes there at dinner? 

LUNCH IS WHERE IT'S AT YOU GUYS! 

Dishes range from 8.50-11.00, pack quite a punch and offer up the perfect amount of food. This is probably the one place in town where I don't get the same thing time and time again, because the menu is so interesting... so diverse and it'll take you months to try everything. 

I thought I had a favorite, you can read my earlier review, but the catfish today blew me away. Sweet, salty, spicy it had everything I look for but didn't leave me feeling over full. The crisp veggies and perfectly portioned rice round out the meal. And if catfish isn't your thing, eye over their other seafood options. They are plentiful, and servers are equipped with tons of knowledge about each dish. 

Go.
Eat.
LOVE.

I look forward to the day I go at 12:30 and they say, "Sorry it's going to be about 25 minutes until we can seat you."
Thank you Corey D. for reminding me to write a review! 

I've been here a couple of times and it is awesome. Bandung is a GREAT introduction to interesting Asian food. It is a totally friendly environment (and menu) - not intimidating at all. I am a very adventurous eater and even I was like, "what is Indonesian food?" 

Turns out, it's delicious. 

I really do feel there is something for everyone here. Honest vegetarian dishes. Some spicy fun stuff if you're feeling brave. And some great standards (fried noodles anyone?). And affordable! 

Did I mention the "nutty" drinks? Oh yeah, the "nutty" stands for coconut. They were using coconut milk before it was cool! And adding booze!

Eat This Food!
Great food, incredibly egotistical chef/owner. Here's a tip; if it is "inconveinent" to deliver across the lake, don't include that region in your delivery zone. Do not, instead, cancel an online order without talking to the customer first. And especially do not fail to cancel the order, thereby keeping both the customers money and the food. And finally, when the customer arrives to pick up their food, do not cower in the kitchen like a three year old. Man up and take responsibility for your incredibly poor customer service.

Great food, cowardly owner.

Don't order delivery unless you're downtown. Not worth the hassle.
Cheap eats Sunday through Thursday in the bar area. Select dishes (pad thai, Indo mac & cheese, something that was vegetarian that I don't remember the name of, and fried rice) for $5. Portions are more than sufficient for one person and are tasty (try the Indo Mac & Cheese. It's really just noodles with a red curry sauce, bamboo shoots, and your choice of protein). Thursday night at 9pm there is adult trivia (X-rated!) in the bar area (aka The Nutty Bar) so be warned. The bartender makes a good Mai Tai.
yyyyyeah, i'm gonna need more stars.  (i think i maybe delayed writing this review because i subconsciously enjoy this place being a hidden little secret.....then i realized, that's not very yelp of me!)

the food here is so good it actually feels like i'm being transported TO indonesia.  or at least what i imagine it would be like there.....flavor heaven!  first off, being vegan/vegetarian does not limit you much on this menu - that's fun, and rare.  house-made tempeh and amazingly creative combinations makes everything i've had here pop.  aaaand, the staff is very willing, able, happy and a bit intuitive in helping you decide - even making up things not on the menu!  very fun.

and then add the delightful company of corey d. into the mix.....
yyyyyyyeah, i'm gonna need more stars.

*and at dinner they have this cool thing that's a super sampler of small sized entrees that you choose, i want to say the name is actually dutch for 'rice table', anyway, i highly recommend that for your first time.  great way to get a broad brush experience of the place and find out what you like.  that's what i did, and it hooked me.
Their special combo plates (entree+appetizer+drink) may not be the best thing in mankind, but it's pretty damn close.

3 delicious items for $11.99? Shut up and take my money!

Anyways, Bandung is literally amazing. Delicious, delicious food (I'm looking at you, Red Curry Squash and Daging Rendang), extremely affordable prices ($8~12) and enough food to last for days (unless you were really, really hungry like me, in which case, it'd last you a few hours).

On top of that, it's pretty healthy too.

If you're still not sold after reading this, then I lose all hope in humanity.
First time to Indonesian food, interesting experience, food is ok, nothing too surprising
Go for it. 

Don't let the looks of this restaurant deceive you. They know what they are doing and they make sure that you are not disappointed. 

I was on a vegeterean diet when I visited this place but to my plesant surprise they have a ton of veggy options. Eggplant curry is awesome. Portion size is just right. We were a group of about 10 and our unanimous opinion was Very tasty food with a neither not too less nor too much portion size. 

Also they serve halaal lamb. They were very accomodating, may it be seating for a large group or cutting a Bday cake for my friend or extra rice of everyone on the table. I would recomend this to any one who like Thai style food. My friend ordered sizzling shrimp which he said was very good and it was literally sizzling for like 5 minutes.
I love the food at Bandung. I often order online and do take out as there are some discounts to doing so. The atmosphere in the restaurant is nice, but the times that I have dined in, sadly, the service has been very slow - but the food is amazing!
The best fried rice. The best pad thai. The best little cream cheese wonton things, the name of which I never remember. AND!? The best happy hour type special in town. 

Seriously. You can get an appetizer, a heaping pile of pad thai, and a beer for about $12 if you eat in the Nutty Bar (the bar inside of Bandung). 

Their "cheap eats" menu includes a bunch of favorites including thai fried rice, pad thai, indo mac & cheese, chicken wings, those cheese wonton things, and more. SUCH a good deal, and it is of the same quality as the restaurant menu.

Added bonus - the Nutty Bar has a nice low-key trivia night on Mondays, some of the best specialty drinks in towns, and some super friendly bartenders.

By far one of the best spots in town!
Bandung's food exceeds expectations.  Although it was slow for the waitress (who turned out to be the helpful and cheery manager) to get to us at the start, everything else came in a timely fashion.  The spring rolls are amazing, we had to order seconds which swiftly came out.  The chicken pad thai claims "best in town" and I couldn't agree more.  Definitely check this place out!
Easily the best food I had in Madison. Vegan Indo mac & cheese, mango curry, vegan thai iced tea, "Motor Oil" cocktail (Old Rasputin stout, Jameson, espresso liqueur in a pint glass). Quick, attentive service, and pleasant eclectic atmosphere. I want to try at least 10 more of Bandung's imaginative cocktails. If this had been the first place I went to on my trip, I might've never tried another restaurant.
I've now order take out a couple of times from here and GUESS WHAT? They will send you coupons if you order online! What?! BTW, the Indo mac and cheese is amazing.
My husband and I went here for a date night. I thought the prices were pretty fair, and the service was good. We started out with beverages (I had the ginger martini, it was amazing, he had a beer).  We're both vegetarians and were impressed with the amount of vegetarian/vegan offerings on the menu.

We started with a sautéed tofu appetizer, which was pretty good. I loved the dipping sauce.

Our food came out in decent time. I had the red curry squash with tofu, as I had read it was good, and it didn't disappoint. It was really delicious, and I'd definitely get it again.

My husband went with the sate tempe, because we were curious about the house made tempeh. I think it would have been perfect as an appetizer, but it was just way too much as a main course. If you REALLY love tempeh this would be perfect. As it turns out, we weren't such big fans of that one, but the peanut sauce was excellent.

We did end up ordering desert, which I assume wasn't house made (some sort of caramel cheesecake), and it was decent.

All in all, we would for sure go back.
Went for $5 pad thai and trivia! I was surprised that it was so hard to get a table for trivia... I would like to come back to try some of their other food, but I give this place 3 stars because my pad thai noodles were a bit undercooked. It was pretty tasty though! I'm not sure how exactly they make the dish, but I have made pad thai at home before with a sauce that I bought and it tasted exactly the same... We also got cream cheese wontons for 50 cents each and they were really good :) 
Their cheap eats menu during the trivia was amazingly cheap. It's fun to get the buckets of rheinlanders too. They are so cute~
I was excited about coming here after sampling their food at the taste of Madison over the summer. we made a reservation for a party of 8 for 6:30pm. After waiting patiently for an hr, we went up to the front counter to ask about our order. the waitress just explained that they had a lot of deliveries ahead of us and our food won't be ready for another 10 mins. she never stop by our table to keep us updated nor apologize for the long wait at any point. the food was OK except for the curry chicken dish. we inhaled our food pretty quickly since we were starving by that point. she didn't refill our water at all. it took another freaking 30 minutes to get our check..we were just kinda abandoned like sad orphans. they also forgot to give my friend her leftover. there's an automatic 18% gratuity for over party of 6...and I was joking about how they are not obligated to give us a decent service since that's included. we ended up getting 20% charge since we asked for a split check. never again. the most shitty service ever.
Oh gosh, I don't even know what day my boyfriend and I went in, but it was definitely a lunch day sometime before this past Christmas and I will just say that when a place boasts about having the best Pad Thai in town that they better have the best Pad Thai in town. And they do! On top of it our server, a younger lady with brown hair, was incredibly professional and super natural and nice. Good service is always a win. We were the only two in and we were attended, but not over looked after. We also god shrimp with sweet tomato sauce and rice. I can't remember the name of the dish, but it was very good. Moderately priced and good atmosphere.
Far, far too expensive. The food is good, I don't want to mislead you; but at roughly $13 per plate for smallish portions it is incredibly overpriced. Had the martabak (deep fried ground beef and chive pastry) which was delicious. Very crispy exterior with lots of flavor inside. 

The sambal goreng udang was in no way spicy as sambal ought to be, but rather very sweet. The taste was good, just not what was advertised. 

Lumpia are ok and service is friendly, but I felt that the price was too high for the quality and quantity. If money is no object, I'd be here a lot, it's just too hard to justify coming here more than for special occasions.
My third time here, this time for drinks and dinner before a show. Pretty awesome place! The guy in the kitchen knows his stuff, the staff is super nice and friendly, they have a great happy hour and bar menu and you gotta get the mega-satay (beef). It's certainly my new place for Phad Thai. Yum!!
The only Indonesian ethnic food in town. I love the flavors, but only found the food not as spicy as I like, and a little on the expensive side.

HOWEVER, as I discovered from Yelp's Boozing and Schmoozing event this week, there's cheap eats happy hour from 5-9pm at he bar area Sun to Thurs!!! AGAIN, SUNDAY THROUGH THURSDAY 5-9PM. Eat at the BAR. There are 5 to 6 dishes from $6-8, full sized entrees, and tastes AMAZINGGGGG. Also, drinks are at happy hour price between 5-7pm. 

The owners here are a couple; the chef/owner is from Bandung, Indonesia, and is the only cook for the restaurant. HOW DOES HE DO IT! His wife, Julie, is a friendly american lady, thus ensuring the ethnic food can cater to local tastebuds as well. If you want solely AUTHENTIC Indonesian flavors, then no, this is not the place for you. Both drinks and food are headed to the fusion category, so Indonesians might find the tastes different. (P.S. also, different regions of Indonesian have vastly different flavors for dishes of the same name!) Drinks try to infuse local delights like old-fashioned, punch with Indonesian flavors like star anise, Indonesian liquors. Great job, drinks taste really good.

Food/drinks (from the bar menu) - LOVE IT
Gado gado - peanut sauce is AMAZING, but can we have more please. this dish is gluten-free if you don't get the rice! 
Indonesian mac & cheese - i don't find it tasting of cheese, but the great curry flavor in a dried stir fried noodle is awesome!!!
Mega Sate - beef skewer on fried rice. oh i love the rice. ohhh the skewer is GIGANTIC, like an entire piece of skirt steak. so delicious and worthed it
Chicken wings - so juicy and I LOVE THE BATTER. yay
Pengsit Keju (Cheese wontons) - i have no idea where this idea came from, but I love the cheesy wontons....!!

Also, nasi goreng is amazing here. 

I tried Surabaya sunrise, great if you love sweet drinks, very very easy to drink. Also tried Indonesian punch, not as sweet but great flavors! great job bartender Emily!

Also, there's karaoke night on Tuesday. (WHATTTTT. how did i miss that!?) I definitely have to be back for more cheap eats! hurrayyyy!
The food was always good there. The only reason I did not give it five was the seating, it was too small a table and people have to sit really close. I am not a big fan of being close in person and the table also made it hard to order a lot of things at the same time.
In the mood for comfort Indonesian food? It exists!

We ordered from Bandung about a year ago, and I know I loved my indo mac n cheese. We somehow never made it into the building itself until a Yelp Elite event. Yay!

Nice interior, and especially nice bar area. Big and open. The bartender was sassy and funny, and made us some great cocktails. Helloooo, Thai Iced Tea. We also nibbled on bites like cream cheese filled wontons and chicken wings (well, Derek did that one).

For our meals, Derek got chicken pad thai and I got the tofu fried rice. We ordered them off the small bites/happy hour menu. SO cheap! Derek's pad thai was much better than my fried rice. It was peanut-y and not too sweet. My fried rice was just a little too dry for my taste, but I liked the flavor overall. And each plate was piled high.

Thanks for a great treat! Can't wait to visit again and try something new.
I will never say no to Bandung. 

Happy Hour: Sun-Thurs, 5-9 in the bar area only. The abbreviated "cheap eats" menu is fantastic. I could eat anything off that menu every night of the week given the choice. The drinks are $5 for some of the most imaginative cocktails this side of Merchant. My favorites are the "nutty" drinks featuring coconut cream based drinks with your choice of another tropical fruit. These cocktails get me through the long cold winters by bringing me a piece of the beach. 



Entertainment: Some Saturday nights they have DJ's spinning in the bar. Its a little known 'event' with a laid back atmosphere. The bar has rotating display of artists on the walls (the art is for sale, so it serves as a bit of a...gallery?). Monday trivia is really fun but very packed. The bar has a couple TVs, and its a low-key place to watch football or basketball games if you're not looking to wait 30+ minutes for a table at buffalo wild wings. 

Dinner: Get the Lamb curry or the squash curry.  You will not regret it.
First time having Indonesian food, turned out to be very good. The food was delicious, especially the duck. The skin was a little crunchy and the meat was flavorful. I ordered Pandan pudding cake as desert, which was made of Pandan leaf. also very good. Love the restaurant, definitely will go back again.
I've only been there once but I'll defiantly being going back again. We ordered the satay, eggplant curry and pad Thai and everything was excellent; great taste and cooked perfectly. Nice chill atmosphere and comfortable space and outdoor donning area. Would recommend.
I've made several trips to Indonesia over the years and this is the first place in the States that serves food comparable to the fare I had there..  The food at Bandung is excellent and the service is first rate. Regrettably, I find myself in Madison only two or three times a year.  Otherwise, I'd be a very regular customer.
Wow, this place is one of my favorites. I usually don't write reviews, but Bandung has exceptional food at reasonable prices. I love them for their take-out as well as dining in. An extra bonus- they always pack up doggie bags for leftovers (or take-out) beautifully with extra rice.
I've been there on several occasions and have always enjoyed a great experience. The service is incredible, thanks to the capable and personable staff. The meals are an amazing fusion of southeast asian flavors combined with local ingredients. Be sure to bring your appetite and your wallet as the portions are massive but worth the treat. Folks with shellfish allergies need to be wary as Bhima's has a extensive menu that caters to seafood lovers.

By far one of the best restaurants in the Kitchener-Waterloo area. Friends that live in Toronto and have vacationed in Bali made the drive to enjoy a meal here. Nuff said.
I went here for my birthday with my parents, and i must say very good food.
my parents lived in indonesia for a year and they said this was a good comparison to what good food was there. it was expensive but it was really good.
I went to Bhima's last night with my wife and friends. I am very impressed. It is not often that you find such a great fusion of Indonesian cuisine, or of any cuisine for that matter. Our table had a wide sampling of the menu and everything was amazing. There were oyster shooters to start, we had venison, duck, angus steak, fish and risotto. Everything was perfectly done and delicious.

The atmosphere is eclectic, dark and romantic. The wonderful smells from the open concept kitchen fill the restaurant. The staff are helpful and friendly. It was a great experience.

The food is rich and flavourful. They use a number of curries and some of the dishes are spicy. If you are a meat and potatoes type, you might not like this food, but then you probably aren't looking for Indonesian in the first place ;) The meal was also very expensive, so be prepared. We spent about $150 per person with several drinks and cocktails.

Speaking of the cocktails, they have a great selection and there are a couple of specially created ones on the feature menu each night. If you can, take a cab so that you can enjoy them, they are worth it.

The restaurant was packed, so I would recommend a reservation. Despite the number of people, it was still fairly quiet and comfortable. They don't pack the tables in like at some restaurants.
I've lived down the street from this place for almost 3 years, and all this time I thought it was one of those carpet stores with year-round clearance sales. I was very wrong. Once you look past the tall, aged wooden fence, you'll find one of the best restaurants in the Kitchener-Waterloo region. 
Most of their menus don't have prices, so this isn't a place to go to be frugal. They were somewhat short staffed on my Thursday night, but the waitress was extremely competent, friendly, and helpful. 
To start, they make very special cocktails. Most of my group got mojitos, which they serve in a pint-sized glass with pieces of grapefruit, lime, and pineapple. Throughout the drink there were chunks of pulp that gave the drink a very nice texture. One of the best drinks I've ever had. Try it!
The food was very impressive. Flavour was kept to be tasteful and not overwhelming. It should be noted that they have pretty big portions for their entrees. It might be worth over-ordering just to see the tin-foil origami they make for you to use to take food home. A set of various home-made sauces (jalepeno, chili, vinaigrette) come with many of the dishes. Many of the dishes contain steak, which they cook to perfection. The majority of their entrees are seafood oriented, though. Everyone in my party ordered something different, and everyone argued that theirs was best. 
We had the patio to ourselves, which had easy-going, modern music playing all night (there was some Stars on at one point -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hZ7fgT0CBU). The patio was decorated with several comfy chairs, tables of various sizes/shapes, and a small fish pond in the middle. We were quite impressed by the indoor decor, which had a dark indonesian theme.
If you can get past the sketchy looking exterior, you will be pleasantly surprised. They switch up the menu once in a while so its nice to be able to try something new whenever I go. The service is a bit slow sometimes so don't go if in a hurry. This place definitely isn't cheap, but the food is fresh and delicious.
Wow! I've had in the pleasure of two perfect meals in my life not counting two very close calls at the Paul Bocuse just outside of Lyon, France and The Chateaux des Fines Roches near Avignon in France.

My first perfect meal was at the long-gone Fenton's in Toronto, where the fresh Washington State Lamb, still remains on my palette some 25 years later and the second, last Monday night as I celebrated my 35th anniversary with my bride at Bhima's Warung! Wow! What an explosion of taste and texture.

I simply love this place! No, it's not new and shiny, but you can feel the character just oozing off the walls. This is a place where real artistry happens by a culinary pro! If located in Toronto, it would be placed on the same pedestal as Sasur Lee's first resto, Lotus.

I had the Muscovy duck served on a bed of perfectly cooked noodles and the curry sauce was excellent. Very mild spice, but well balanced to the robust flavor of the duck. For appetizer, pan fried duck pate served with battered green fried tomatoes was a wonderfully presented feast for the eyes and stomach.

My wife had a baked oyster appetizer she raved about followed by a monkey fish (monk) lobster main that put a big smile on her face too.

Not cheap to be sure, but for us at least worth every penny. We'll be back often.

The service staff here are incredibly engaged with all patrons and seem to be strengthened by the knowledge that the food here delivers a not easily forgotten experience and they exude pride in being there.
They understand they work in a very special place and it shows.

One final note: at the moment, the place is not very accessible and it was a little awkward to get my wheelchair in and out, but the staff handled this with great care. They are installing a ramp soon however.

No question about it for me, 10 out of 10!
Best restaurant in KW, hands down. It's a bit pricey, but it's totally worth skipping an extra meal out to eat here. The combinations are sometimes strange and hard to imagine, but somehow they come through pretty reliably. The goi tai dumplings are in the top 5 restaurant dishes I've ever had. The portions are very generous so it feels like great value for your money. The sangria is always packed with fresh fruit. Go. Do it. You won't be disappointed.
Wow... I've never seen unanimous 5 star ratings for a restaurant before. Bhima's deserves it and I'm adding mine. It looks like nothing special from the outside. Don't let appearance fool you. Every dish is a work of art--a treat to the eyes and the taste buds.

The Goi Tai dumplings are wonderful with a delightful combination of sweet and spicy sauce. The Moo Brickman ale-hoisin ribs are rich and fantastic!
FANTASTIC RESTAURANT.
I was introduced to this place by a coworker. Having been to Indonesia earlier this year, I was interested to try out this restaurant.

If my introduction didn't emphasize it enough, I really enjoyed this place. It is hard to find and based on the location/building facade, I don't think you would expect such a good restaurant under your nose.

The interior of the restaurant was very nice, decorated in a very open kitchen style - similar to some of the building architecture/materials you would find in south east asia.

The food was great. I had the Laksa Bhima and the portion is HUGE. It was very delicious and the portions of seafood were quite generous. I was filled even without a starter/appetizer. 

I would definitely come back to this place - and try more of the dishes. Hands down a 5-star restaurant in my opinion.
Best restaurant in Waterloo! 
I've been in Waterloo for 4 years and have never been till now. They have really good fusion dishes as well as special entrees such as deer and ahi tuna. 

I would definitely recommend this place to anybody. 

PS. The menu might make the food seem very cultural but its actually light so its easy to adapt.
Amazing food in a very nice Indonesian Fusion style.  The outside of the building doesn't look like much, but don't be fooled. The prices are high, but it is totally worth it.
Was I supposed to give it full star to help it keep its perfect record? I decided to go with my heart.

While it came close, I just couldn't bring myself to give it perfect marks because the fact is, I came out of there under-impressed. 

First of all, I don't think it was super authentic. A lot of the descriptions left me quite confused. Was I in a french restaurant? Was I at a sports bar? What the heck should I get to give me a "true Indonesian experience"?! So maybe it was a fusion, which is cool too since when it comes to food, I am 100% open-minded. Either way, I don't usually judge food by its 'authenticity' (I have one criteria, yummy or super yummy), so this is not even where it lost its mark.

I ordered the Laksa and it was beautifully presented, little bamboo steamer for the rice and all. The seafood swam on a delightful broth that was sweet and flavorful. It became sort of a saving point once I tried the rice, because that was aromatic but somewhat blend for my taste. The bone that I had to pick was, none of the seafood stood out in particular for me, not the mussel, nor the shrimp, and even the scallop that I was momentarily impressed with, I later remembered it tasted exactly like the fried scallops that I get at my relative's fish and chips place. They were not overwhelmingly creative or flavorful, maybe it was the way they were cooked or the sauce that complemented them, I don't think they brought out that burst of freshness that should come with seafood. Essentially, while the meal was NICE, it was well... nothing special.

And why do I insist on having something special? If I'm going to be paying $50 something for a meal while on a student budget... is that too much to ask?

Maybe I am overly critical, and if someone treats me to this again, I would gladly follow along and have a great meal, but in terms of my expectation and the reality, all I can say is that maybe it was built up too much. I would say definitely try it, but don't psych yourself up too much, as with all things.
We've had great dining experiences here before but we won't be returning after our last visit.

My bison dish was very good, but my wife's deer dish was mediocre.  Her deer was over cooked and tough, the potatoes were under cooked.  Neither of us could cut through the over fried pastry wrapping some vegetables.

It was a special occasion, so we ordered a vintage bottle of wine.  Upon tasting the wine, I had expressed some concerns and we agreed to re evaluate in 15 minutes.  After 15 minutes I had to ask for the manager repeatedly, she eventually arrived after another 15 minutes went by.  She took the position that the wine is fine just not to our liking and offered 2 complementary glasses of house red wine.  I disagreed, this $200 bottle of wine is either spoiled or terrible, in any case not drinkable after being stored in their cellar for many years.

So we had no wine to drink until half way through our main entree.  I burnt my mouth on the tempura frog legs.  It took 10+ minutes for them clear the appetizer plates.  They also insisted on serving a dessert tray even though I advised them I cannot eat sugar and desserts.

This restaurant missed the point by squabbling over an expensive bottle of wine.  They should have focused on making this a great dining experience; instead it was one of the biggest dining disappointments we've experienced, costing $367 for 2 (without tip).

For the record, we consumed no more than 3 oz of the wine that we paid for but they have.  I even left them with my phone number in case the owner wanted to make amends (as the manager seemed to have no authority).  I suggested that I pay for the 2 glasses of wine and I will return again, or I will reluctantly pay for the (undrinkable) bottle of wine and never return.  They chose the latter and lost a customer.

P.S.  I would have rated it one star but I give some credit to the manager trying to appease us (as ineffective as that was).

P.P.S.  There are several other fine restaurants in Waterloo with better food, wine and service and cost significantly less too!
Truly incredible food in a somewhat unexpected location in what seemed to be a strip mall in Waterloo. I haven't had other Indonesian to compare with, but this seemed to be more of a new wave or fusion menu which mixed traditional dishes including the red deer curry I tried. The plates are huge, to the point that they don't really fit on the smaller tables. The craft beer selection was excellent and the dunkelweizen I had paired excellently with the venison. The meat was all very well seasoned and tender. The naan was also excellent, though I didn't really need it with the huge dish. I was fully stuffed, but had to try the dessert based on how good the food was, and was not dissapointed with the fried bananas. I was surprised how empty it was given how delicious the food was, but the high prices may have kept locals away.
I travel around the world constantly and where do I find a 5-star dinner and all around experience?  In Waterloo, Ontario, Canada at Bhina's Warung!  The food and service was great.  I had the ribs and the sauce was perfect.  The bananas desert was prepared perfectly.  Just try this place and you won't be disappointed.
By far my favorite restaurant in the Kitchener-Waterloo area. Located in a non-descript strip mall, you wouldn't think that upon open the doors is a tropical paradise.  The decor is exotically playful but tasteful.  The immediate acknowledgement of the servers upon entry and seating was well received and consistent across the multiple visits I've had here.  

The primary server is always excellent but they seem to work as a well oiled team with prompt drink refilling, reorders and passion for great service and food.  You can tell they love the restaurant and it makes me love it that much more.  There are always great specials beyond the menu and as noted on said menu they'll be happy to make old favorites if you can describe it.  They are pleasantly flexible which is wonderful and appreciated.  It's also fun to see what's going on in the open kitchen, gives a liveliness to the atmosphere.

The food itself is wonderful, succulent poultry, tasty seafood in a flavorful sauces with little tasty sauces.  It's also plentiful as I've yet to leave without a take away box which helps out a bit considering the cost (which is absolutely 1000% worth it).  This most recent time I went with duck and rice instead of pancakes and I loved it.  My girlfriend went with a FULL chicken that was a massive wonderfully smelling savory nearly tray of awesomeness.
The saying "you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover" can not be more true with Bhima's Warung. They could definitely touch up the exterior a little better, but let me tell you about their wonderful service and my delicious meal so you can make an informed decision on what to eat tonight.

To begin, let me just note that you should save this for special occasions. The prices are pretty steep averaging around $35 per entree. They have a reason to price it at that level though.

We ordered the dry aged angus rib eye beef with red curry, and the surf and turf, which included beef tenderloin slivers and giant tiger shrimps. Both portions were very generous. The surf and turf was very flavourful, but it just couldn't compare to how great the rib eye was. I had ordered it medium rare and they had cooked it perfectly. They finished it off with an incredibly crispy exterior and an unbelievably juicy pink interior. Forget the red curry sauce, I was perfectly content with devouring the steak as it was. The onion rings were lightly battered and deep fried to add more crunch to the overall plate.

The service was very amicable and attentive. My favourite moment was when I had asked for my steak to be packed up to-go, and they had packaged the take-out in the form of an aluminum swan. Very cute and added a nice element of surprise.

The restaurant has an exotic ambiance to it and the lighting is pretty dim. It isn't too noisy inside so it makes it a nice place to bring a date and have an intimate conversation. The patio looks well-decorated as well, so definitely check that out when the weather gets a little warmer.

Overall, very satisfied with the meal and service. Another good find in the city of Waterloo!
Fantastic and unique dining experience!

From the exterior, this restaurant is easily overlooked. I would have never known that this was a restaurant, nevertheless one of the best restaurants in KW!

The food here is packed with flavour. Honestly, each bite gives you a punch of flavour in a really good way. However, the portion sizes are HUGE. I mean, really big. This justifies the price you are paying for the meal. You will walk out of here feeling happy and full. 

It's not really a dressy restaurant. And if you're like me and don't like getting fancied-up to go and enjoy some good food, this is the place to celebrate any occasion, get high quality food, and enjoy your dining experience. Good restaurant to go to for any occasions (if you are willing to spend some $$$)!
My only regret is not to have found this place earlier. I couldn't believe such a good restaurant is in Waterloo!
It's a bit on the pricey side, in line with high-scale restaurants, but totally worth every cent we paid.
Try the duck (with noodles): simply perfect!
Definitely the best dining experience in Waterloo and everything tastes so good. The servers are super enthusiastic about their jobs and are really helpful when deciding what to order. 

This place's only real competitor is Wildcraft, and it is priced as such too. Really love the place but wouldn't be a regular as its pretty pricey for students
Really enjoyed my experience here. Definitely one of its kind in Waterloo. 
The dishes were different and creative (Asian fusion with lots of curry options, seafood is amazing!). The drinks were delicious as well. 
Servers are very helpful in suggesting popular and seasonable dishes. 
Loved the setting of the place - perfect place for a date (quiet, dim and romantic), good for a group gathering as well. 
The only downside is that it's a bit overpriced, especially the drinks. 
P.S. Be sure to make reservations before you go.
Had very high expectations going in, and Bhima's completely lived up to the hype. The food was absolutely delicious and unique, combining different styles and cuisines. The portions were very generous, and you could tell they took no shortcuts; the level of attention to detail was extraordinary. They even wrapped our left-overs in the shape of a swan for us to take home.
We had noticed this place last week when we went to Oliva for dinner and decided to try it tonight. The dinner menu is different than the lunch menu - the lunch menu focuses on fried chicken, but the dinner menu adds beef and pork dishes, a couple of vegetarian dishes, soups, and appetizers.

Neither of us was that hungry so we did not order appetizers. I ordered a dish described as yellow rice, chicken, egg, potato crisps. My guy got the fried pork dish. We first received small salads with a nice, minimally sweet peanut dressing which i liked. The waiter then brought a sample of their fried plantains for us to try. They were excellent - very sweet and soft in the middle, crispy coating outside. 

The entrees were very nicely presented, with beautiful colors and arrangement - even though they were on paper, which may sound odd but worked. My dish consisted of a fried chicken breast (the same salty fried chicken they serve at lunch), a helping of yellow rice that was flavorful although a little overcooked, and potato crisps that were a cross between home fries and potato chips. They were really well seasoned and interesting. The egg was strips of well cooked omelet - not what I expected, but it worked well with the rice. On the side were two sauces, one mld and one spicy, for dunking the chicken. I enjoyed this dish, but my guy's pork was great. Savory, well cooked, interesting flavors, and lots of ginger. The pork was accompanied by white rice with a hint of ginger as well - a great complement to the pork.

The service was outstanding. Free appetizer, attentive waiter, answered all our questions, and concerned whether we enjoyed everything. We had a question about one of my sauces and he had the cook come out to tell us what was in it.

Total meal before tip was $27, including sodas. 

We will definitely be back. Great service, good to great food, and overall a really nice addition to the far west side of Madison.
I didnt like this place at all.  I used to live up the street from there and thought I would try it out before I left Madison.  We went there on a Saturday night, we were the only people in there.  

I orderded a chicken dish...forgot the name, it was some kind of curry sauce and my firned ordered the beef version of that.  

I was disappointed in the food as it was not remotely indonesian, didnt know what to call it.  We got a small salad with our meals, it had watered down peanut sauce on it. Ate most of it and was thinking the meal would be better.

I did notice that after abotu 10 minutes, I didnt hear any cooking.  I didnt hear any woks or pans cooking up any sauces, chicken or beef or could smell any kind of cooking was going on.  We ordered an appe-teaser of lumpia(egg roll things) but they never brought it out and forgot to cook it.

So we got our entree before our appe-teaser.  It came in a box, kind of like a bento box.  It had hambuger paper on the bottom.  The chicken was a small breast of chicken and sauce poured on top.  It came with a scoop of rice.  No wonder I didnt hear any cooking, It was basically a pre-cooked chicken breast and they warmed up the sauce and poured it on top.  My friend's beef version was probably in a cooker and they just scooped it into the box and served it.  Was pretty weak in my opinion.

I questioned about the appe-teaser and the guy looked at his order sheet and said that he was sorry and will get it out right away.  He did but it was so drenched in oil that the lumpia was quite soft.  Looks like the oil wasnt up to temperature and it just soaked it all up and became soggy.  
Again, he was aplogetic and very nice about it.  

Unfortunately, I wouldnt recommend.  The price was about $20 or so for both of us.  We were still a bit hungry afterwards.
I just had a takeout dinner from this place and it was seriously good. I had the pastel appetizer, which is kind of like an asian-y empanada. Well-fried, not greasy, good filling and nice and heavy on the pepper.  Also had the yellow savory rice dinner, which is actually a fried chicken breast, yellow rice, some slices of fried egg, and what they call potato crisps.  The chicken wasn't greasy at all, no skin, and not heavily breaded.  But still nice and crispy, and well seasoned.  The potato crisps were...interesting.  They were unexpectedly sweet, but not in a bad way. 

Anyway, the other negative reviews seem to be pretty recent, so not sure how to account for the difference between their experience and mine. While I'm a food nerd I have zero prior experience with Indonesian food so I can't really speak to if it's authentic, which seems to be one of the criticisms from other folks. Maybe I don't know what I was missing in real Indonesian food, but I enjoyed my dinner plenty.
Been to this place twice this week, once for lunch and once for dinner. Very good food, very attentive service, the owners couldn't be any nicer.  The food was very flavorful.
It's always tough to rip on a small business, but you'd be remiss to eat here instead of the other fine options in the Sauk Creek strip mall. This is a fried chicken place, believe it or not, on the far West side. It's just out of it's element basically.  Indonesian food should have some spice, one would think. Please eat at Oliva or Swagat, but avoid this unless you got a craving for chicken and hate KFC.

1 star for very friendly customer service.

1 star for prices being good.
I was super excited to try out some indonesian food, so when i realized they delivered to my hotel we jumped right on it. When it came, the food was honestly just... well... meh. Mostly bland. I've found so much great food in this area, I doubt I'd go back. But if I find my way back, I might give them a second try.
Great for fast food.  Been here for lunch, not a big choice (chicken or chicken), but its good.
Despite the negative reviews, I decided to give this place a try.  I'm working nearby so I stopped for lunch.  I've never had Indonesian food before, so I didn't know what to expect.  There was nobody there when I arrived (except what may have been the owner).  I ordered "Telor Petis"  (Telor petis     $6.99
Boil egg, garlic, shallot, finger-root, turmeric, lemongrass, carrot, corn, garlic, shallot, shrimp paste, soy sauce, red chili)   

What I got was a boiled egg that had been deep-fried, smothered in a spicy chili sauce, sitting atop a multitude of sauteed fresh green beans and broccoli.  Underneath all that was steamed rice.  There was a brown soy-sauce based sauce on the side which I poured over the whole thing.  Oh, there was also a deep-fried cracker-like thing.  

Anyway, you can see that this doesn't fit the description on the menu at all, so picky eaters would be advised to ask the cook to tell them about the _______.   So, why 4 stars?  Because it was really freaking delicious.  Spicy, fresh, healthy, and exactly what my stomach needed to have in it to turn around and bang out another afternoon.   

I thought it was great.  Maybe next time I'll try the fried chicken.
My boyfriend and I have been here several times (including New Years - they were open!), and even brought friends to this establishment. The owner is as sweet as can be, and the food is always delicious. Their fried chicken is always great, though I do prefer their dinner menu. I can't recommend this place enough, try it out!