Arcadia needed this coffee house!  Hava Java married Coffee Bean!  First, let me admit that I drink a lot of coffee, specifically flavored lattes.  Daily, sometimes more than once a day, I will visit Starbucks, LGO, Hava Java, or Carmel's.  Black Cat is similar to Hava Java: large patio doors that open up during cooler weather, inviting interior with artwork, music playing, and cute baristas.  Black Cat has more seating than the closest Starbucks at 44th and Hava Java.  It's way quieter than LGO or Starbucks.  It has able wall outlets vs Hava Java.  It has two leather chairs!  Which, if they put 2 or 3 more sets (or leather love seats) where some of the bistro tables are, would make me rate this SIX STARS.  I give it four stars because it recently opened and this business could go to 5 or 3 over the next 6 to 9 months.  If they pull this Hava Java meets Coffee Bean off, it will compete with the best of them.  Yay!  I'm a fan.
Great selection of coffee and friendly customer service. Free WiFi and comfy chairs make this place a great addition to the neighborhood.
Glad to see a nice, friendly coffee shop open in Arcadia. Their big, open front doors are especially nice for sipping a coffee in the early morning during the Fall.

They use locally roasted coffee (Passport) and locally baked pastries. A nice selection of teas as well, including Thai iced tea, which I don't often see on coffee shop menus.

Staff is very friendly, but they are still learning and there are some consistency issues. I like cappuccinos and no two people there seem to make them the same way. But their official Grand Opening isn't until Halloween, and it always takes new places a while to work out the kinks. Hoping for great things!
what a plesant suprise .. great new clean coffee house, FINALLY a selection of " Sugar Free" coffee drinks ! and they use local blends ,   fresh local pastry . and the Owners are awesome and there to greet you !  I'm a fan now... not another " over priced" coffee house, just right !     welcome to Our Arcadia neighborhood
Excellent french press coffee and the nicest service.
I've stopped by three times. The first time I had French press flavored cover. Brew was well timed and very tasty. I had a muffin that was fresh and moist. 

The second time I ordered a latte and croissant. The latte was done well. The croissant, while it had a good bread taste, was not the layer buttery taste I was looking for. (Recommended Essence Bakery in Tempe as an alternate source.)

Third visit was perfect. Cappuccino and Biscotti. Coffee roaster is locally sourced from Passport in Scottsdale. Biscotti is from Bad Boy Biscotti in Gilbert. 

Service was very friendly. The same person made my coffee drinks each time, and the quality was consistent. The atmosphere is delightful with the open doors or outside tables and background music that doesn't over power conversation. 

I'm giving five stars. I've been very pleased on each visit and I'm glad they've joined the Arcadia neighborhood.
I definitely prefer to support the locally based economy.  But, $3 for a single cup of black coffee is a little much to ask...  Aside from that, it seems like a very nice little place.
I think I have a new favorite coffee shop.  

Black Cat serves one of the best lattes I've ever had.  The peaberry french press was perfectly roasted and perfectly timed.  Great cookies, awesome biscotti.  Modern, relaxing, comfortable decor.  Super friendly service.  Love it!
Lovely ambiance in this Arcadia shopping strip. They did away with the traditional storefront and installed a beautiful accordion door that really opens the space up. This creates a lovely atmosphere for the patrons and as well the workers! Workers are super friendly and always have a smile on their face. Great coffee and pastries. This is a great neighborhood coffee house if you live in the Arcadia area, or work near by. I recommend the French Press  with the Vanilla Cinnamon Twist bean!  Will come here often!
Good espresso and biscotti.  Nice neighborhood hang.
A great cafe.  A welcome surprise to find in Phoenix.

Local, good coffee, friendly service, good ambience, free wifi.  That's what I'm looking for in a cafe when I'm hitting the computer.  I was glad to meet and chat with Don, the owner, both times I visited.

The prices are a little higher than that chain coffee place that shan't be mentioned, but if that's enough to keep you away, this place ain't for you anyway.

I'll definitely be back
Great new coffee house in Arcadia.  Nice selection of offerings.  My Vanilla latte was delicious.  Thanks for offering low-fat products.  Saw some other patrons having some baked goods.  They looked appetizing. Service was great and the atmosphere was fun and inviting.

Can't wait to go back.
Best Chai Tea Latte around in my eyes.  A little sweeter then the norm but really hits the spot.
YUM! Great local coffee house! My soy latte and breakfast sandwich were both delish. Only con is cost, but all coffee houses seem expensive to me and this one runs about average so I will stick with the 5 stars on taste.  Can't wait to be a regular on weekends!
I like this place. I don't frequent the locally owned coffee shops as much as I used to but I will for sure return to this one. This place doesn't have the pretentiousness you find at Echo or Lux (ugh Lux) and that's what I like. I am comfortable when I walk in and the baristas are friendly. I also thought the prices were fair and they surprisingly have a good selection of pastries, desserts and even in-house sandwiches. They also have smoothies and blended drinks which is why I will be dropping by a lot in the summer. So if you want good coffee (or a smoothie) without "the scene", then the Black Cat is your place.
Friendly staff and great Americanos!
This place has everything needed to be a hit.  The espresso is delicious, the sandwiches are homemade, yummy and reasonably priced, the staff is friendly and the environment comfortable.  It's also open until 10 which is nice for those of us who find ourselves tied to desks until 5 or 6.  And bonus - I was visited by one of the owners who sincerely asked if everything was as good as it could be.  Nice touch.

Their web site and social media presence seems to need some help but as they've only been open for 5 months it's understandable.  I'll be going back.
First,  let me disclose, I'm not a coffee drinker. (But tea drinkers - I got you, no worries!)  But, don't let that stop you from reading my review or disregard my awesome rating of Black Cat Coffee House.  I have my reasons, I promise!   Read on... 

I LOVE this place!   After 8 years of graduate school visiting many, many coffee shops throughout Tempe, Scottsdale and Phoenix - this is THE place I've been searching for all my life!  (or at least my academic life!)    Free internet makes for a productive work day and with Over Easy next door, there's great people watching for the casual coffee-goer too! 

So, why does a non-coffee drinking coffee-shop hopping academic have to say about this place?  So many things!  where to begin?  

The tea choices...ahh, the tea choices!!!  It's as though I found the end of the rainbow - tea lovers rejoice, b/c this is the place to go for our "pot o' gold" (in the form of many, many delicious flavors of tea.)   My favorite:  Cactus Blossom.  I like it iced.  Get it. And I highly recommend you just go ahead and get the medium or large, because I suspect you'll love it as much as I do!   So many other delicious choices - even for people who aren't hardcore tea-drinkers - you'll even find something you love here!!!   Maybe the kiwi-strawberry iced tea as a cool alternative for the summer months?  or Passionfruit.    They also have many more traditional and non-traditional tea flavors.  So many choices, what to do??!?    Also  - my friends who are crazy coffee-aholics like to the coffee here, so while I cannot personally validate it, I would tend to believe them. 

Second reason I love this place: the lighting!   As anyone who spends much time in coffee shops may have realized, often coffee shops are dark.  I like sunshine.  I do live in Phoenix, after all!   There are tables outside and inside, the doors fold wide open and plenty of light gets in, so even if you are slaving away over a paper or dissertation, you'll still soak up some Vitamin D and feel like you are in the land of the living. 

Third reason:  I haven't eaten there yet, but I'm super impressed with food options.  Here's what I've discovered in my coffee shop days - the food is either uber healthy, made for the granola-earth biscuits out there who just rode their bicycle 60 miles in the 115 degree sun to stop in and pick up a green tea, 3 carrot sticks and a vegan cracker for dessert.  (nothing wrong with that, just not everyone's thing)  OR on the other hand, it's a giant double-sized triple chocolate cheesecake, massive bearclaw with a side of donut holes, and a caramel-chocolate-raspberry muffin, which has the caloric equivalent of 6 Big Macs "super sized".  So - if you want something more than a seaweed cracker, but don't want to gain 15 lbs from a muffin, this place gets it done.   You can choose from a variety of healthy food options, hot or cold breakfast/lunch items, and if you do feel like splurging - they do have some tasty pastries of normal portion sizes to try too! 

Last - the staff are all friendly and welcoming.  The owner or manager (not sure) has personally stopped by each time I've been there to say hi and check in on how things are.   The place is immaculately clean and the music is mellow and relaxing. The hours are excellent.   

Oh - and tax is included, so the price you see is what you pay.  That's a pretty cool difference from most places!   And drinks are affordable!!  

So, stop by - I'll be the one basking in the sunshine in the corner -  just don't take my spot!   =)
This place is a little more pricey than most, which is fine if the product was exceptional, but I was not impressed. To me, the coffee tasted watered down. I did like the ambiance and there were no problems with the service.
I really enjoy this place...their iced coffee with cream is wonderful!!  Their coffee is AMAZING!! The taste is like no other...it almost has this sweet quality to it.  They have huge cups that are great because I like to have biggest iced coffee possible!  They have a a great thai iced tea as well...you do not see that often at many places.  The people behind counter are so nice and friendly.  The first time I went there I spoke to the guy behind the counter for like 20 minutes.  He was awesome!  I wish it were on my way to work, but it definitely has become my weekend spot.  I go here about once a week!
There's a cool cat in town and it's known as Black Cat Coffee House. All they need is some live jazz playing and they'll be set. I wouldn't have expected a cool coffee shop like this to be living in the Safeway shopping center, but it's a great fit! This coffee shop isn't big, but there's enough room to sit and do some work if you want. The menu is a good size for the coffee shop. They offer pastries, a hefty selection of coffee (including a tasty sounding Iced Toffee Mocha!), freshly made loose leaf hot or iced teas and even a couple meal options like a hefty salad or sandwich. I will definitely be back to try more items on their menu, but during my first visit, I enjoyed a refreshing (and quite large) iced tea. It was naturally sweetened and they have about 12+ flavors to choose from. I opted for a berry flavor which I liked. This is definitely a great spot to relax, work or have a meeting!
Wow -- I've found another great local coffee house! Being a grad student, coffee houses are my second home, and I much prefer the locally-owned type. 

I found this place by accident one day on my way back to PHX from Scottsdale, along Indian School Rd. The name intrigued me and it was fairly hot outside, and a cold beverage was in order. The guy whipped up a perfectly blended mocha with coconut for me - YUM!  

The interior is long and narrow, and kinda dark (which is fine with me, just mentioning it). The tables along the wall are the bistro/pub set type, which I really like. A sofa and a couple comfy-looking chairs are towards the front, along with 3-4 regular-height tables with four chairs each. 

Black Cat has a frequent visitor program, so be sure to pick up a card at the register -- buy 9, get the 10th free. There's a little outside seating, and they have free Wi-Fi. Also, their prices up on the board already include AZ and PHX tax...I wish everyone in town did that. 

Compared to other local coffee houses like Urban Beans that has a full-on breakfast/brunch/lunch menu, they have a couple of salad options and a few sandwiches. The baked treats in the counter look delectable. I'll definitely be a regular here!
I read all of the great reviews so I decided to pop in this afternoon, fire up the ole' laptop and get some work done. French Press sealed the deal for me and got to choose Kona from their many options.

It reminds me of the love child of Starbucks and Coffee Bean but locally owned and a LOT more blends to choose from and a lot more originality. The people that work there are really nice and seem to know their stuff.

The atmosphere is very relaxed and needless to say I got a lot of work done. Not the closest place to grab a brew but I now know where I'll be heading when I'm in need of joe in Arcadia.
Ok love this little, local coffee house.  Prices include tax & very are reasonable.  Try the iced chai latte!  They support local charities.
I have to add that this place is so chill and mellow and never too crowded. I get SO much work done when I come here and jump on the lap top without a loud crowd to distract me. Sundays here may become a weekly ritual!
Dear Black Cat,

Can you pretty, pretty please move to my neighborhood? Or make another location in Scottsdale? I'd just love it. Thanks!

Boyfriend and I happened upon Black Cat a few months ago. We were starving and on our way to a fun- and monkey-filled day at the zoo and tried to stop in at Over Easy. The line was out the door and we were reaching hangry levels. On a whim (like I'm sure a lot of people), we decided to try out luck next door at this cute little coffee house.

HELLO, BREAKFAST SANDWICHES.

Huge, fluffy eggs. Buttery croissants. Thick cut tomatoes. Assorted meats for him. Tasty, gooey cheese for both. Add a huge, slightly chocolatey iced coffee for each of us and it was love at first sight.

We've returned twice since then, the latest being this morning. We just love this place. All employees we've talked to are so nice (the first time we got a punch card, and they gave us double punches. Weeee!) and both food and drink product is so, so stellar. We don't live very close but when we are in the area, Black Cat is IT!
This coffee house is just wonderful; so much better than Starbucks! Warm and friendly, and the coffee (both hot and cold) is absolutely the best. I've had sandwiches and pastries as well, and they are so good you don't even think about the calorie count. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and often the owners are there and they are so nice and helpful.  It's a bit of a drive from where I live, but beyond worth it!
Favorite coffee shop in Phoenix right here. Where do I begin with my love for this place? Their iced toddy is mind-blowing. No coffee has ever jump started my day the way this stuff does. It is smooth, delicious and full of caffeination.

This place gets major brownie points for having almond milk. Thank God I don't have to ever have another latte with dairy or soy. Their iced chai with almond milk will change your life and it makes their toddy that much smoother.

Their food is delectable. They have Tammie Coe everything and if you haven't tried Tammie Coe cakes, you're missing out. I haven't tried a cupcake, muffin or breakfast sandwich I didn't like (make sure you try a breakfast croissant sandwich with turkey bacon. Earth shattering good.)

Last but definitely not least, their customer service is epic. I have the best convos with these guys and they're always ready to suggest good teas to match my mood or go above and beyond to make my drink perfect. They're like my neighborhood friends. What more could you ask for from a place? The owners of BCCH have done everything right!
I love this coffee shop. I haven't tried the food yet but I can vouch for the coffee, the ambiance, and the music selection. If the food is decent, they'll definitely get a star upgrade.
Great service, clean quiet atmosphere and not corporate.
By far my favorite place to hang out, read a book, have a muffin & a latte. Aside from peak hours it's pretty quiet - lots of people on their laptops working or lounging and reading the paper. 

Black Cat is truly a local gem. I adore most local spots but this is a nice break from the hipster snobs/atmosphere. It is simply homey. The perfect lil' hideout.
first coffee stop in the Az since moving here. And very satisfied I am. Berry bran muffin was something so different then your average one...almost like a pound cake texture, lots of of moisture! Great flavor-the coffee is pretty swell as well!

Try it and see for yourself!
There are several reasons why I can never camp out at other standard coffee shops (e.g., Starbucks): I don't enjoy the food, or the coffee, or the crowd.

But then I came to Black Cat.  And now I don't want to leave.

I know what you're thinking: "If it's not crowded, it's not delicious, and if it's crowded, it must be great."  No.  It just means that most people are sheep [who enjoy burnt coffee].  I have been sitting here for the past two hours, and there has never been a moment at which every single table filled up.  That means I could have walked in at any moment and found a table.

I wasn't hungry yet, so I started out with an iced apricot (white) tea.  No sweetener, and it is superb.  I read some of the other reviews before I came, so I knew to order a large.  Smart move.

I got hungry a few minutes ago and ordered the Black Cat Melt (Smoked ham, provolone, Dijon mustard, red onion, grilled on marbled rye) with a side of fruit.  I apologize for not having taken a picture, but I was hooked at the first bite.  This is a thick-sliced rye, toasted to a warm-but-not-burnt perfection (how did they know I like my toast this way?!); the Dijon mustard is a delectable mustard, and there is just the right amount of ham and cheese--not so much that I feel gluttonous, but not so little that I feel deprived.  And there is a banana on my plate.  And it doesn't have any bruises.  I'm in heaven.

While I was waiting for my sandwich, I took my headphones off long enough to hear some of the employees talking to a very talkative little boy.  He was having a ball.  Anyone who can engage a small child and simultaneously make a sandwich this perfect has my vote.

I plan to be here for the rest of the afternoon.  And I'll definitely be back again...and again...and again.
I was in the Safeway parking lot near this place and needed a cup of coffee. Instead of the run-of-the-mill Starbucks stop,  I wanted to hit up a local place. 

As soon as I got in, I immediately liked the atmosphere. It's a nice, cozy little place. There was local art hanging on the walls. The place had some indie-rock over head which I liked too.

Whenever I go into a locally owned coffee shop, I've come to expect a stuffy, pretentious, hipster-like aura (i.e., LUX on Central Ave and Campbell), but this place was very inviting. 

About a month ago I changed my diet to not include any flour, dairy or radically processed foods. 

This meant that I had to say no to lattes and only drink black coffee. I'm allergic to almond and soy products, so I can't drink almond or soy milk lattes.

That's why I was  very glad  to see they offered rice milk lattes at a reasonable price! I'm glad I stopped here, because at any other coffee place I'd have to just drink black coffee. I was also very good.

They also had some pretty good looking treats on display, but sadly I couldn't eat any of it. 

The staff was pretty nice too. I'd definitely come back to this place!
I happened to stop by during the monthly high school music night which was great. Really nice crowd of kids and parents. However, this is a coffee place and just that wasn't so great. I drink it black and, as a true addict looking for the next fix, am not picky but it just didn't taste right. Weird even. Bummer.
Stumbled on this place after getting my fingerprints done next door. The garage door was open on this lovely spring day, and the big open hole in the shopping mall makes you go "Oooh, what is THIS?" and want to go inside, so in I went.

The mocha I got was amazing. The espresso has that nutty flavor and the chocolate was richer than most places. It was so good that I returned the next day... and the next day... at this point, I'm driving from Scottsdale out to Arcadia, bypassing at least 5 other coffee joints, just to go to Black Cat. It's that good.

On the subsequent visits, I got their toddy; WOW. I generally can't drink coffee with no sweetener, but this toddy was awesome. It wasn't bitter and was delicious with just a bit of milk. And the caffeine! I'm almost immune to caffeine at this point in my college career, but half of a large toddy kept me wide awake and productive from about 8pm untill after midnight. Schwing!

The atmosphere is really really cool; no hipster vibe at all, lots of young professionals working. They have dog water bowls outside, and yesterday there was a guy with his German Shepherd pup sound asleep on the floor next to him; it was adorable and so cool that they were allowed to sit just inside the garage door and nobody was spazzing out. There's art and music without being overpoweringly hipster snob. The staff are really sweet and laidback; the one guy says "No worries!" to everything. 

They have a punch card deal too, and it's buy 9, get one free, not buy 10 like everywhere else. Winning!

The triple berry parfait I had yesterday afternoon is the only thing I'm knocking down stars on; it didn't feel as ice cold as a dairy product should, and that made me wonder if it had been kept at the "safety zone" temperature. The yogurt was kind of watery, not the thick consistency you'd expect, and some of the berries were mush essentially. It was delicious until about halfway through when it turned very acidic-tasting... and I got heartburn (which I NEVER get) after eating it.  I think I will stick to the very scrumptious-looking cakes and muffins from now on, because this parfait was iffy.
Great spot! I've personally had iced tea and their incredible fruit smoothies. I even have a loyalty punch-out card that I remember to bring everytime. I hate those things, so that's saying a lot. Try their blueberry, strawberry, banana smoothie with a scoop of protein (boyfriend's favorite). Or mine: mango blueberry smoothie. So refreshing and lactose free. Healthy summer treat. The owner is there often and is a friendly local guy. The only annoyance is it's located just down the street from a high school. So don't hope for a quick drink right after school. Lots of high school kids ordering sugar filled frozen coffee drinks and with 1 or 2 people behind the counter, it could take 15 minutes to get anything more complicated than a regular coffee. But all in all, great place!
I went here today with my step mom for some coffee and it was surprisingly excellent! We both got the iced coffee and it was so good, I didn't have to add any milk or cream to drink it.  It was not acidic and was very smooth, with just enough coffee flavor. The feel here is nice, very relaxed. The prices are pretty average. I definitely want to come back and try a latte, but this place has serious 5 star potential!
I really liked the interior and the vibe of the place. The prices were great too. Even my cheesecake slice was fantastic. My friend's pomegranate green iced tea was delicious.
However, the espresso in my caffè macchiato (called an espresso macchiato on the menu) was awful - very sour and medicinal tasting. I'm not sure if it was a specific roast or if it was because we went late at night (nearly 9pm) but it was simply not good. I'd have to try it mixed in a drink but nearly plain, it was undrinkable. I had to force it down just to not feel like I was wasting.
Coffee was ok, a bit weak. The atmosphere is positive.
Really cool place with great ambiance. Kids were welcome (even though mine are a bit loud) and even though they were busy, they were friendly and made my drink to perfection. The number of choices is astronomical. I put Black cat up there with Grinders in the West side.
Coffee tastes great.  Service was a little questionable.  I don't mind having to wait a bit for coffee - I understand that quality takes time.  But I think it would help to have more than one person making the drinks on a Saturday morning.  I waited in a line with about 6 people in front of me and didn't have my drink until 20 minutes later.  Also, the drink was wrong.  I ordered a hot salted caramel latte and ended up with an iced regular caramel latte - and yes, it was definitely my order.  I drank it anyway and it was pretty good.  I went back later to give it a second chance and finally got my salted caramel latte.  It was amazing... I added a sprinkle of cinnamon and it was a glorious fall beverage.  Also, the price was reasonable - I love that they don't add tax.  I recommend this place, but make sure they take your order correctly.
Smoothies Were great  but they wouldn't let my daughter's friends stay in because she had a Starbucks coffee cup which she had to have because braces which was very rude
Really love that I have a coffee shop I can walk to so close to my apt. Very nice small quiet place. I enjoy the art and there are usually people here studying or working. I like that they have a reward punch card so you can earn free drinks! I love their iced teas... Not too crazy about the coffees, they are ok. Also a great place to stop in real quick for a bagel or yogurt.
I love this place!  I used to live down the road and completely gave up starbucks for them!  the staff is very friendly and knows my name and usual :-)

This place is way underpriced!  the large (32oz) is 4.50 m (24oz) is 4.00  inc tax!  How awesome is that?!?  They have thai tea, lattes,protein shakes, fruit shakes, italian soda, if it's a non alcoholic beverage they have it!

The food servings are huge!  You order a bear claw and it's the size of your face!  and the breakfast sandwich is fresh made (they go make it) and ginormous (i eat half and am full!)   

This place is tops!  Great food, friendly staff and awesome prices!  

I recently moved from down the street to scottsdale (near buzzberry) and while i like buzzberry the prices can't compete (buzzberry 24 oz (large) is almost 7$ after tax! )  their yogurt cup is half the size but the same price.  Buzzberry is good and they serve lunch and dinner and are 24hrs with a drive thru but they are much more expensive!  I still drive to black cat whenever time permits!  :-)
Was in here earlier this morning with my girlfriend as we just moved a mile away! The location is cool and they are pet-friendly (as in bring your dog inside so we can say hello to them -AND- we have a big ol' water bowl outside for your pup too!). Beyond impressed with the service we received from the two ladies and their recommendations were on point as I died over my large, iced vanilla and caramel macchiato! I didn't pay much attention to their selection but I can vouch that they could probably make you any combination of drink with their many, many options! Will be back and I'm now using my Starbucks gift card as a bookmark haha! Thank you!
I've decided: Black Cat is the best-kept breakfast secret. Their egg sandwiches (which you can get on a bagel, croissant or in a wrap) are out of this world. You get your choice of breakfast meat, tomato and/or cheese and they are HUGE. Paired with their absolutely delicious iced coffee, I'm not sure why the chumps waiting outside of Over Easy don't just come in here. (More room for us, hooray!!)
My boyfriend and his roommate turned me on to this coffee house, as they use to live just down the street from it and I am HOOKED now! I just recently moved to the area and adore this place. My favorite is their Black Cat Bomb which is an incredible protein/espresso shake that is super filling and delicious. They only serve it in a large though so make sure you have a little room for an appetite as it does fill you up but it's a perfect breakfast for me to go with a side of fruit or an in between meal drink when I need a little boost. 
Staff=awesome!
Food=awesome!
Seating=comfy and awesome!
All around= AWESOME!
I've only been here once.  Maybe I'm a 5-star review prude, but I have a feeling I'll be changing it in the future once I get a feel for the rest of the menu.

This place is pretty great for coffee and studying, but bring a jacket at night in the winter, as the whole front wall of the place is an opening glass door and is usually still open in the evening.  Good seating for hanging out or studying, and the wifi is not spotty.  I was pretty impressed by the bathroom as well--I've never seen a sink layout so beautifully done in a public place, with an actual area to set things down.  The total ambiance of the place at night is relaxing.

I ordered a simple small cappuccino, as I do when I'm testing out new places.  It was not burnt (like some places) and not too strong.  Around 9, the barista asked if he could turn down the music and flip on the Grammys, which I didn't mind; he acknowledged the fact that I was studying and let me know what was going on.  He didn't bombard me with "Do you need anything?" constantly (only asked once when I was headed to the bathroom) and let me know when it was 5 minutes to closing.  Smooth service, close to home and school, I'm certain this place is going to become a regular hang out.
I've come back a few times and have had great service since.  I'm gonna call my first visit here a fluke.  I love this place, I wish it were closer to my home in Ahwatukee.  Lavender vanilla lattes?  So wonderful.
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation and every time I leave this place I'm cured! I have yet to explore more of their menu and have the intention to do so one of these days, but their espresso blend is rich and smooth with just the right amount of pick-me-up and flavor that keeps me coming back. The shop itself is warm and welcoming with brilliant trinkets, chalk boards and smiles. Music that peaks my interest is always playing to set the mood. The staff is friendly and attentive and my favorite barista, Amanda, always has a neat concoction to recommend when I'm feeling something other than the habitual latte'. Try their Cactus Blossom Tea or an Iced Toddy with added Macadamia Nut and Chocolate Milano syrups! Their coffee, bagels and service are to die for, without killing your wallet in the act.
I originally came into this coffee shop for a vanilla latte because I heard their espresso tastes really good.  I was greeted by this handsome young man that was really charming. He was very outgoing and I actually felt like he was interested in the conversation we shared. A drink called the Black Cat Bomb  with very inviting and vibrant lettering was advertised on a chalk board next to the register, and was explained as the pride and joy of the coffee house. He made me the drink and topped it off with a dome lid for extra which was a nice touch. The Bomb tasted great, but does seems like a once in a while drink. I will for sure be back for my daily coffee needs! Great experience!
This is my favorite coffee shop in the entire city!!! The coffee is delicious (I usually opt for the simple blended coffee with soy, or an iced mocha), and the staff are always friendly and helpful. Speaking of which, the owner of the store STILL remembers my name even after I moved to Tucson, so I am only able to go here maybe once a month or so! I think that is incredible, and it really shows how much he values his costumers. In addition, the food here is quite delicious!! My friend and I ordered a sandwich a couple weeks ago to share, and it was so good I ended up having to buy my own! I will continue to recommend this shop as long as it's open! :) Thank you Black Cat for all of the amazing coffee!!
This is my first time at BCCH. Such a relaxed atmosphere with good music. The barista was really sweet when I explained I had just moved to Phoenix and didn't know what to order. She asked me what I normally get and suggest the Iced Thai Tea. Bullseye. Will be coming back to escape the heat this summer.
I tried this place after Terra Java went downhill with wanna be hipsters and etc etc. WOW, I am so glad I did, baristas are nice and friendly, always greeted with a smile! Their products are all wonderful tasting. Yes, their prices are a bit on the high side, but they're slap ass in the center of Arcadia and rent cannot be the same as 36th and Indian School. If your visit isn't perfect, then bring it to the attention of Don and he will make it right.
I love this place. It has a great vibe and I enjoy independently owned coffee houses. There doesn't seem to be enough of them. Black cat also serves Almond Milk which I like. This probably is not a good place for a sandwich. I tried to order a sandwich today and let the girl know that last time my bread was half frozen even though it was toasted...(crunchy on the outside and frozen on inside)  I told her I didn't send it back last time but I will this time. She apologized and said all the bread is frozen and they defrost it every morning and that it might still be a little frozen. I said, well I don't want a sandwich with frozen bread and she replied with something like well I can't really guarantee it .... Seriously.... So I don't think I will be getting lunch here again but I definitely will get a Almond Milk Latte or an Iced Tea.
Everyone should try it at least once, odds are you'll be back again and again! The coffee is strong and the decor is industrial chic, the service is always fantastic! I honestly have nothing bad to say that's why I drive all of the way from Chandler, my husband teases me about how many coffee houses I pass on the way but I'll always be back for more black cat!
spent the whole day there working on my laptop. friendly ppl good music. chill atmosphere. flavors galore!
Awesome vibe and usually great coffee drinks (depends on the barista). The pastries are delicious and so are the sandwiches. It's a bit loud for serious working on weekends, also really difficult to secure a table.I adore the music! Weekdays are usually more peaceful. They have free wifi and it's a great place to hang out with friends before or after going to the Kitchener Farmer's Market. Several varieties of bread, bagels, and pretzels are also offered. My favorite one though is the yo-yo cookie. menu: http://www.theyeticafe.com/menu.html
They only take cash and interact.
You may have to scramble a bit around their hours, and you may have to shed some blood to get a seat, but the Yeti is a fabulous new cafe that really, REALLY shares the love.

This itty bitty little spot by the Market serves an array of baked goods from both established brands and local creators, rotating coffee brews, and a large menu of sandwiches, all made from scratch and loaded with fresh ingredients. Celebrating local food as well as healthy choices, they offer Paleo options, vegan options, and are happy (as in MORE than happy) to accommodate any food concerns you may have. Believe me, even when working for a health food store, dealing with everyone's little allergies and food habits were really stressful, even frustrating at times. The staff here are not only willing to work with any preferences I may have, they seem eager to do it. When I say there's lots of love in here, there is quite literally, lots of love.

This is not a place to go if you're in a super duper rush, but that's not the point of this place. The limited staff takes time with their customers at the till, and preps their food with care, so that when it finally arrives, you can tell they really spent their time with it. If you're lucky enough to snag a table, then whip out your laptop for some creative time. 

The Yeti's decor is very much a hodge podge of both knick knacks that create the vibe of a mountain area (old snowshoes, garage sale style paintings of wildnerness) and also vintage/homeyness, even if a little 70s-80s style with their furniture. You really just gotta love the charm. 

For all of that, I am quite willing to make the venture every time. Looking forward to this spot for a long time to come.
Tried the yeti. The staff are great , the place has a cool chilled out kitchy vibe. The food was pretty good, I was there for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the pregnant sasquatch. I found the hash browns to be over seasoned , they were way salty and the quantity to be a little light.
Is is kinda expensive for the portions served.
The sandwiches on there own look to be a good deal and if the rest are anything like the one I tried then that is what this place is all about.
Good sandwiches to go. but costly for a sit down meal.
We love this place. Between the quality of the food and the hipster charm. The place is cosy but fun. I take the family there every Saturday before we head to the market. I enjoy both the Pregnant Sasquach, great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. 

Great place run by people that care. Happy to be a patron and support this fun place.
The food was decent.  Had a pregnant cowgirl.  It was tasty, but not a revelation.  I could do this at home.

The service was... odd.  My wife and I walked in, and were greeted with "Where's your dog?".  The odd girl behind the counter clearly felt we look like a yuppie couple, lacking only a Labrador to complete our lives.  Nothing like a little judgment as a greeting.

She was asked by a few other guests to turn her "music" down, which she did grudgingly, and with attitude.  Music is in quotes, because it wasn't.  It was a series of clicking, squealing noises, with a high pitched tinnitus whine over top.  It was headache inducing.

Our just fine sandwiches were delivered while she meowed at us (as though speaking, inflection and all, but meowing), and as we walked out, she insisted on hollering after us that she hoped we'd come back, unless we died first.  It was all delivered with a condescending tone, as though she was aware of some joke that we weren't.  Completely detracted from our experience.  

In summary:

Okay food served with a side of pretentious, condescending attitude.  Enjoy!
Just noticed another new place on Bread Street aptly named FYUL(Food You Utterly Love). But don't tell everyone you know that it's really quiet compared to the east end of the city so not too busy.  

Is spacious and cool, has tons of antique focal points such as upholstered seats made from recycled tweed jackets others with green leather, the choice of tables - resemble the kind your great gran might have owned.

At two weeks old FYUL has a constant flow of people dropping in on their way to festival shows, so it seems to be doing fine. With plenty of room to swing ten cats there are no shortage of seats to accommodate large groups as well as intimate chat.

The staff are very attentive, striving to ring true their passionate message of being the best cafe in town. However with some competition, they have their work cut out; so with great responsibility comes even greater power.

Coconut Tea and Lemon Drizzle Cake, were popular today as were salads with locally sourced breads. None of which I had this time but hey there is the challenge, maybe not tomorrow but sometime soon. 

Finishing touches to the place include, large bar area, Singer sewing machines, Remington typewriters, suitcases and tv/stereo box combos all from a bygone era culminate to stylise the cafe. One thing that did make me wonder, what's beyond the door positioned at strange angles on the wall, and what school gym now has no floor?

Anyhoo the service was top-notch, scones not stogie and came with fresh cream, fine coffee(V60's) all made this a truly  fantastic experience during a shopping trip well earned and such a surprise to stumble upon FYUL in this great city; go on treat yourself you deserve it?!

So appealing enough to walk past, turn around, and venture in, maybe you will really like it or not? But if you are young enough to remember the 50's or not then it will appeal. If not then just pretend you've gone through a time portal, and came out the other side 65 years ago!

In all a hip place, with enough power that made me want to stay longer than the half hour I did.
I've popped in to FYUL quite a few times, since it opened, sampling breakfast, lunch and mid-morning snackage.

Service is super-friendly, the place is beautifully decked out, with lots of quirkily appealing details, and the food is damn tasty, too. Well worth a visit, I'd say.

Overall, after our first breakfast visit, we said: "I thought FYUL was a really smart new place. As things develop, I think they might need to broaden out their menu, but where they're starting from makes a lot of immediate sense. The folks running it are full of enthusiasm and offered wonderfully friendly service, throughout. I'll be back for a lunchtime visit, soon."
Well *hello* (to be said in a voice like George Clooney from Burn After Reading.)

This is my kind of place. Before Hipster became immersed in every part of 'cool' culture. A bit mismatched and 'messy'. The walls have different wallpapers, and some cut-apart doors. The chairs, at a glance, look like someone left their jacket on them. Until you realise it's different materials all sewn together. It's becoming very trendy to have mismatched crockery in tea rooms and cafés - now it seems this trend has transcended to mismatched floors, walls, chairs (in height and style) and seating arrangements.

Yet despite this mismatched mash-up, FYUL is also spacious enough to feel calm, not cluttered. The staff are very friendly. The counter offers up wee dishes of their teas to sniff before you sip. The creamy coconut smelled just like that coconut body butter I love so. I asked for peppermint tea, and was given fresh mint leaves (this is an ultimate winner for me. Take your Twinings away.)

I didn't try the food. But they have free wifi, and when I asked if they minded me working there for a few hours over lunch and coffee with my laptop, they cherrily said "not at all!" So I shall be back, very soon, to try their delicious-looking food offerings in their oddball chairs. I think I'l try work next to the 'door wall'. Total favourite.
This is a hidden gem... My favourite thing about the place is the atmosphere - it's the type of place you could sit for hours and read. The decor is quaint and a little quirky, which I like and the staff were super friendly. There were at least 4-5 people working away on their computers while I was there, so if you're looking for a place to spend quality time with your laptop this might be it. 

The coffee was ok (I'm a bit of a coffee snob and while I'd happily drink theirs it's not my favourite). My only issue was the food - it was a little bland and disappointing. I do plan to go back to see what else they have as I might have just ordered a dud.
FYUL is, first and foremost, a pretty risky name. Standing for Food You Utterly Love, it's a challenge, hurling down the gauntlet with a wink. Go on, it says. Try us.

No, seriously, do try them. Step inside and enjoy the kooky decoration - there's a wall made of chopped-up doors, chairs upholstered with old tweed jackets and trousers (still bearing pockets in some cases), and the toilet door appears to have been carried straight from an old Biology classroom; it still says, appropriately, Biology. There's a long wooden table with heavy wrought-iron stools for those who favour practicality over comfort, and some squidgy armchairs in the window around low tables for those who favour the reverse. Food isn't served on plates, but on slabs of slate (not the soup, though; that would be mental). There's free Wifi (WIN) and the password is written out on battered luggage tags.

So far, so creative. But what about this F? Will Y U L it? The little promise keeps winking at you from the menu - every F, Y, U and L in the text is highlighted red. Way to build the expectation, guys!

Well. Well now. I have eaten here twice and both times, I did U L the F. On my first visit, I rather hazily ordered a breakfast panini and found when it arrived, to my utter delight, that it had been served with a big ol' wedge of my most favouritest fruit in the whole worldington, watermelon! I tell you, that woke me right up. I was a happy little bean right from the off, and when I snaffled down that panini it only escalated. On my second eating occasion here, I opted for the bacon, cheese and pesto panini, while my friend had butternet squash and sweet potato soup. Again, my panini arrived with unexpected fruity fun, in the form of a little dish of grapes and melon balls. The panini, too, was great, with lots of cheese and good pesto flavour, and my friend was very happy with her soup, too.

I just need to come back and try some of that big range of cakes they've got, now. All in the name of research, you understand. Because so far, for sure, it is F I U L.
I had some time to kill recently and was looking for a good place where I could set up office to do a bit of work on wifi and have a pot of tea, which is exactly what I did. Actually, I had more than one pot. Anyway, my tea was great... I'm a bit of a tea snob (I would use the more positive word of 'connoisseur', but I don't really feel qualified). I feel like it's hardly worth getting tea when it's tea bags, which is one of the reasons I came here. With that in mind, a friend joined me later and order tea for the two of us and it was a tea bag, which was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it when they have much better choices. 

The decor in the place is great without being untastefully too cool. The staff were really friendly. I was there about 90 minutes or so before the lunchtime rush, so it was actually pretty quiet in the place (minus the 1990s dance music playing in the background when I first got there , which didn't quite create an ambience). Considering there were very few people there when I arrived, I was able to get a comfy seat and table right by the door, which helped provide some interesting people watching that made for some fun distractions from my work. 

I'm looking forward to trying some of the food when I get a chance. The cakes look incredible and the other lunch options were definitely appealing. Can't wait to come back (and will update my review once I've tried the food).
Being an active avoider of the West Port area, I had no idea that there was so much more to the area than "those clubs" *shiver*..

Thanks to Cressi F. and her spectacular Yelpyness I found out about FYUL and man am I glad that she suggested meeting here for a coffee. This has to be one of the coolest looking little cafe's that borders on "hipster" but keep that tiny distance just to ensure people like me, who enjoy real coffee and kooky looking shops but weren't born elegant enough to fall in to the hipster category, can still enter without feeling like an outsider.

A portion of the wall is made up of hacked up doors that are fitted jigsaw-like on to the wall. If that isn't enough "kooky" for you then the door that leads to the bathrooms is in my opinion a genuine classroom door that says "Biology" and some of the chairs are upholstered with tweed jackets, some with the sleeves still attached.

Steel stools and high tables for those coming to work and chairs you can flump on if your here with friends to relax, excellent coffee menu, free wifi and a food menu that puts a crack in the  ubiquitous "scone and brownie" menu that is usually encountered is the reason why this is the place to come for an hour or two.