Enjoy this place before it is really "discovered" by folks in the West Valley.  Located NW corner of the 101 & Northern in the large shopping area.  It's on the right when you enter the main street that leads up to the movie theatre.

Traditional wood snugs, nice lineup of taps, and proper glassware for the pints of Guinness.  We only had dessert and it was quite good, though the portion was a bit small.  Pints of Guinness were served well with a proper pour and the logoed glass enhances the experience for this beautiful ale.

Menu looks to offer traditional pub favories with a modern spin on some of them.  Prices were reasonable as far as pubs go, especially compared to that Lis Dun Varna up the street.  I will be back soon for appetizers and main course, but so far as dessert spot with a few pints this place is great.
Well this was the first #wvfn. The #evfn usually draws 40+ folks so many of us were anxious to see where things went. We had about 20 folks at one point and here goes the report.
I got there about 6:02 made the wrong turn and so when I asked about Happy Hour was told I just missed it . I asked about a small extension and was rebuffed.  I mentioned that we were a larger group and that the should consider going to 7pm, and that it probably costs them $300 in sales by stopping at 6pm as oppose to the old stand by of 7pm. Deaf ears.

I ordered mu usualy Pilsner Urquel which came back a) flat and b) no foam ..come on Czech's like some foam and c) I think they flew to Pilzen to get the beer. I did not order food, I would have but since happy hour was not offered I passed.

I did get to sample a sausage from my buddy next to me. His meal came with 3 and while the sausage as tasty the meal was cold, as was the potato leek soup. We were outside in fairness but still I was expecting a little more.

The shining moment were the waitresses, they came by often and asked if we were ok and needed anything. So I am thinking it was not them who flew to Pilzen for the best beer made. We got plenty of attention which has always been a problem with #evfn. We shall see as our group grows.
Ok....my 2nd review of an "Irish" pub.  And we're getting closer.  Good ambiance - I really thought it looked much like a few pubs I visited in Dublin (tho no pictures, that I saw, of the famous revolutionaries, no flags, no old photographs.  But a good draft beer selection.  And a really good Irish menu - we had the fish sandwich and the banger sandwich (lunch menu) which included chips (french fries) and I ordered a side of curry dip for the chips.  Good stuff.
Good Irish music (cd's) playing in the background - not obtrusive.  And a very good wait staff.  The bartender greeted us the minute we walked in. But sorry, folks, music is Thurs thru Sat and no Irish music that they admitted to - cover bands instead.  So I'll keep looking, but I'll stop here when I'm in the neighborhood.
I should just stop calling these reviews part of my cider tour of the Phoenix area and seek sponsorship from Strongbow instead because it's the only draught they, being bars with an Irish theme, have other than the one blowing up my arse about these being Irish pubs that is.

Don't worry by my second pint this review gets friendlier. 

Let's start with the appetizers and the curious price of curry and chips. $8.95.The price of the curry sauce and the chips ($2.50 and $4.00 when ordered separately)  is an application of new math that I find puzzling. *

Ok the first pint is warming me up and it's time to praise the banger wontons Nope it's not an Asian street gang but a dab of pork sausage and herbs within a wonton wrapper.  These are really good, pretty inventive and the spicy sauce that comes with them ( seems to be HP , Vinegar and something I can't quite put my  tongue on ( horseradish?)  , while good, is a little  overpowering for the center.  We really liked these.

Pint 2:

My wife had the beer battered fish and chips and loved them but she'll get to that in her review. I had the shepherd's pie boxty , basically ground lamb/ beef  wrapped up in a potato based crepe/ pancake.  The filling was light, moist and nicely spiced  unlike the usual attempts by most places to hide up a culinary crime scene. E.g If you can't do the thyme...  The accompanying veggies, asparagus and peppers were a nice touch and you can see the visual appeal of the dish on the accompanying picture. 

Desert. 

We had. ok we ordered,  the Irish whiskey creme brulee , most of the desserts here are about as Irish as George Takei, and it was absent of any whiskey taste that either of us could discern.It's OK but a let down given the promise.    Knocking off .5 stars for that and the appetizer pricing. 

Food came out really quickly  in under 10 mins. It  was about 1430 when we came in and the place was kinda quiet. Mallory provided great service throughout.

*I wrote their corp office and Eric returned an explanation within an hour. the disparity in the chip/curry conundrum lies with the curry sauce. The "side" of sauce is supposed to be 3oz less than the appetizer.
I expected better food.... 

I met up with 5 other friends for some grub and some drinks. I had the Corn Beef with Cabbage and it so so freaking boring I needed to add the spicy Mustard to give it a little flavor. 
Friend 1 had burger...dry and tasteless 
Friend 2 had Turkey burger....bland and boring 
#3 had corn beef taco's boring and tasteless ....a taco tasteless????? 
#4 had a burger...same 
#5 had fish and frys...the fish was good the frys were cold 

The drinks were good, but I is not hard to make Captain and Coke, Stoli and Coke, Jack and Coke, some fruity drink and a beer. 

I wish it was better....
I liked this place.  It was totally cool you could go and play the Wii or Battleship in the next room.  I thought that was awesome. Keeps the kids away from tripping all over my table.

Met up with friends one night... had a couple of super strong beers, it seems.  I like Guiness with Blue Moon (a black and blue) and this one seemed to hit me harder where even on just 2 of them I was like "Whoa I gotta stop".

For the dinner... I had those folded thingies like the one in the picture... for the life of me, I cannot remember what they are called.  Mine had the corned beef and cabbage... It got rich quick... I couldn't even eat a quarter of it.  A friend had a salmon one that wasn't so rich, but tasted awesome. Another had the fish and chips, which I usually never try but tried there, and they were good.  So good that I went to another bar in Surprise and was pretty disappointed with their fish and chips.

The music is fun... the people are easy. 

I will definitely suggest going back.
Moist, fresh food from a chain, on the west side. Who'd have thunk?

--actual STEAMED fresh vegetables, not micro frozen. see what little effort it takes?
--loved the "buffalo" potatoes; nicely cooked, bite-size, drenched in wing sauce with ranch for dipping. BING.
--really pricey for what it is. $14 for a basic salad? where do you think we are, Scottsdale?
--too many windows, too much light to be a proper pub
--decor from some pick-by-page-and-letter Irish kitsch catalog.
--um. there's a metal fishnet thing on the ceiling!
--all two- and four-tops except for a giant picnic-table size 16-top: you can't bring your extra 0.6 out of 2.6 children -- who needed him anyway?
--ding for leaving my half-and-half on the bar for 5 minutes; this is a PUB, lady! Don't keep me from my Guiness and Harp!

Something surreal about the popup mall that sits across from a dead field. And right on the corner is the Auld Dubliner. Far too many windows for a proper pub. Fill those in, man! And what do we get to look at? The empty dead field across the street.

Although very moist and fresh, the food here is mostly bland. Thank God for Coleman's mustard. Between us all we emptied the entire jar onto our food; ok, most of it was on my plate, but hey!
I am actually really liked this place. Despite the reviews being a little mixed we decided to stop in and try it for an after work happy hour. During happy hour their aps are half off which was an instant positive in my book. I tried both the corn beef tacos and the Irish quesadilla and enjoyed both. The tacos took my by surprise in a good way and definitely left an impression since I keep thinking about them every time we pass. Their nutella brownie was delicious and overall our service was very friendly. 

My only complaint was that as the afternoon progressed our waitress disappeared. She forgot a cider refill and messed up the bill a bit, but it was obvious she was stretched a little thin. Some of the people in my party did not enjoy their apps as much as I did mine so I was glad I made the choices I did. I definitely see us coming back and trying out more of the menu.
Quite a few Irish Pubs have sprung up in the West Valley; one by the Peoria Spots Complex, The Auld Dubliner, and most recently one at West Gate. I have been to each spot and I have frequented TAD many more times. I like the atmos at TAD however I question the rusty farm tools and nets hanging on the walls. After coming here for a few happy hours over the last few months, and taking advantage of the special pricing, happy hour is a good time to come. Some of the happy hour specials are $1 off draft beers, half priced appetizers, and extended lunch menu definitely makes this time of day a better value. TAD has a selection of about 12 draft brews including one of my favorites Smithwick's. On one visit I tried the Fish N Chips which are pretty standard and tasty. 

**Bargain hunter alert ** Tied into the happy hour, TAD offers lunch portions until 6 pm -- smaller portion and more cost effective.

The Auld Dubliner is a solid spot for happy hour.
Decent food, semi pricy drinks, decent service. Sometimes you feel ignored other times it's all good. They say they have strongbow which is my favorite cider / beer But they hit 3 strikes with me, I went there 3 times and every time they were out and said they always have it. The corned beef is a little plain but the steamed veggies and shepards pie is decent, I do see myself reaching for the tabasco and spicy mustard a lot there :( It's good enough to occasionally stop in but nothing to rant and rave about.
Been back several times now. The only fault  is the price which seems dissonant with the address. Isn't the  whole point of  Irish food, least as mythologized,is the hearty cheap nature of it?  $14 for a boxty is taking us for eejits. So far the best we've found on the West side but I'd rather hit McCaffrey's up unless I'm really close to this one.
I had a coupon for a buy one get one free meal, so of course we had to check it out. The staff was friendly but the building was small. The beer was good and the food okay. The entertainment was setting up as we set off to see a movie at the theater down the way. I am going to give it another try. If you sign up online, they send you coupons for free meals and money off your bill.
We made the trip to The Auld Dubliner on a Saturday late afternoon to have some drinks and a snack before the hockey game.  We were all hungry and everything on the menu sounded delicious.  First off drinks . . . Guinness please!  As they say, "when in rome," or in this case "when in an Irish Pub."

Now time to decide on food.  So many choices!  I ended up going with a grilled veggie sandwich called Ploughman's Sandwich.  My friend got the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the boys both got a boxty; Shepards Pie and Cornned Beef.  Right as the server was leaving, we added an order of the Spicy Potatoes, I had to try them!

While we were waiting to get our food, which didn't take too long, there was plenty of fun stuff on the walls to keep us busy; for our first visit anyway.  When the Spicy Potatoes arrived, we couldn't wait to jump in.  Small, new potatoes, fried and tossed in wing sauce, sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles and served with ranch.  These were by far the star of the meal!  The Dubliner had a perfectly tangy wing sauce that I wanted to put on everything!

Once we finished those off, which did not take long at all, our food arrived and we were all pleased with that as well.  On my veggie sandwich, the ciabata was perfect; very soft, which isn't always the case with ciabata.  The sandwich was great, and also helped to clear my sinuses with all of the horseradish.  I love horseradish, however if you don't, I would suggest asking for it without the sauce.  

The boxtys were good sized, not too big which is a plus when none of us wanted to get tired, we had a hockey game to go to!  They were served almost like a crepe, folded in quarters, with the filling oozing out of the side and scattered on top.  Very tasty!!

I can't wait to attend another sporting event in Glendale so I have a reason to return to The Auld Dubliner.
We made a trip to the Auld Dubliner after the movies a couple of weeks ago.  We arrived about 10 pm and the place was crowded.  They had a live band and it was so loud that I couldnt hear anything!  We sat down and ordered drinks and waited about ten minutes for them.  After that we ordered off the limited late menu and I had the Corned Beef Sandwich and it was one of the worst meals I have ever had.  The texture and flavor were horrible.  My wife had wings and was not impressed.  The prices were very high for what you received. 

 We will not be making a return trip here.
I have been to this place over 10 times...  I am sad to say the food is getting worst and worst...  What gives?  Each time we go, I hope it gets better.  Nope...  The service has gotten worst too.  Hum, I might not return again...  But my husband loves the place...
The original #wvfn meetup spot! Great spot just off the 101 for cold brew! Bring 4 friends and order Irish Car Bombs! They have a great "slapper" for the experience. Still waiting for the video (hint @clintus)
I came here yesterday before going to see the movie The Bounty hunter (quite enjoyable if you ask me, go see it!).
I drank a Sniakebite (okay 2 really, but they're so good. Half Guinness, half cider) and we split the Corned Beef Tacos.
The tacos sounded weird but came highly recommended by our server so we gave them a try. WOW! So full of flavor! The horesradish crema gave it the perfect kick. The tortilla had a slight crisp to it and the cabbage gave it a nice crunch.  Had our movie started 15 minutes later (okay, okay, I really mean if we got there on time) we probably would have ordered another plate....and more beer.
This is a nice looking and fun Irish pub for Peoria.  Located in the Park West complex, which is beautiful, but I feel was part of the overbuilt boom in the Phoenix metro.  This malls location is in an area that doesn't fit the demographics.  It's just to nice for the area and I don't know how it will survive.  Most of what you see are vacant store fronts and beautiful landscaping all around.

The inside of the pub is made to look like as authenic as can be.  This and the great beer selection make this a step ahead of several other Irish pubs out there.  The service I've experienced has always been good and I'd say if you're in the area pop your head in and take a look at the digs with a cold beer.
No major changes to report here. Tried the corned beef sliders this time and they were incredible. The cheddar ale soup on the other hand was just ok.
My husband and I met up with a friend at the pub on a Sunday late afternoon (4ish).  It was fairly empty at the time.  The decor is quite nice, the place seems airy and open and overall the service was excellent.  
We were mostly there to chat over pints, but sampled a handful of the appetizers.  The hush puppies were awesome and I would highly recommend them.  I don't tend to spicy things, but I understand that the jalapeno jelly was excellent.  A quick bit of spice with the sweetness of jelly.  We also tried the pork rolls which were crispy on the outside and tender and delicious on the inside.  The potato boats (or skins or whatever they call them), were well executed as well.
Since we were there for a few hours, we decided to order the chicken boxty, which was excellent as well.  The potato was cooked just right, the chicken was tender and juicy and the white sauce was to die for.  It also came with a side of steamed veggies that was well cooked (not mushy, not too crisp).
I would certainly visit again.  And try the hush puppies.  Trust me.
This place is fun and the staff at least from my experience were great.. The design of the pub is unique and is definitely designed for a social experience.  The lunch here is good the dinner is forgettable but this place is a pub and you need to expect that. The beer selection is great and that alone is a winner for me.
Great new Irish Sports Bar in Surprise.  The Boys from the 'New Dubliner' have done themselves proud in the land of the Blue Hairs.  Authentic Irish owned and operated and pouring plenty of the black stuff.
Irish Pub?  Gotta try it!

First time we went just for a drink.  They'd been open a week, so one pint of Harp wiped out their keg.  A pint of Murphy's Amber for me and we were both happy.  Good bartender - gal from Glasgow (that's a suburb of Dublin).  Friendly service, made sure we got to see their menu, told us about their Friday all-you-can-eat fish and chips, their Sunday 2-for-1 on traditional Irish breakfast and their unique sliders - corned beef and cheese on small rolls with dressing.

So today we went back for lunch.  Nice crowd and plenty of Harp (plus about 9 other beers on draft).  I had the fish and chips (not bad, but sorry, lads, I have had better - the fish sandwich is a better buy) and Jo had the sliders (very good). Chips were tasty and potatoey - just like in Ireland.  Slaw was very good.  Bill was $35 for lunch and four pints.  Not bad.  Most of their sandwishes were in the $7-$10 range including sides and their burger is 1/2 ponnd Angus beef.

We'll try the Sunday breakfast next and I'll let you know.  Slainte!
We stopped in at the Irish Wolfhound last night on a wim for a beer, little did we know that it was their "official" grand opening, they've been open for a few months and we've been meaning to try them.  We walked in the door and the man on stage playing irish folksongs on his guitar actually stopped his song pointed at us and said "DO YOU HAVE A RESERVATION"  the indoor part of the bar was packed, so we decided to check out the outdoor patio.  the patio was busy but we were able to easily find a table, let me also mention that the chair have this plush padding on them, and also not all of the space heaters were running just a few so there wasn't that weird outdoor sweatbox effect.  A server greated us within a minute or two and took our drink orders, they had my favorite irish beer "Smithwick's" a few minutes later we had our beers and they took our food order.  I decided to order the Ciaran's Fish and Chip's Sandwich which included a cup of soup, I chose the Irish Coast Seafood Chowder.  

Now I have this thing about soup with certain restaurants, my theory is that if a restaurant has one good soup, usually all there other soups are just as good.  The soup I had was amazing, creamy chowder with either shrimp/prawns, calamari and I believe scallops, very hearty and we were very excited to find out you can get soup to go for very reasonable prices.  My wife doesn't share the same pension for seafood that I do, so she chose the Potato Leak soup with her meal which I also tried and was just as delicious. 

Our meals came and my sandwich was good size with a piece of fish that took up most of the roll with coleslaw on top of the fish filet.  The sandwich was Delicious, imagine if the Filet of Fish from McDonalds had a cousin that went back to college and finished his degree, that would be this sandwich. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it, I'm pretty sure they batter the fish with Guiness.

we stayed a bit longer and had a few beers, our server was on top of things despite the drunken chinese fire drill that was occurring on the patio and inside.

We will definitely be back.
The drinks are good (if u order them correctly.) I recommend the sheppard's pie! Nice atmos, ok service. Has potential to be a very fun evening.
Total fan here- regular in the making for sure.

 A little less than a month after discovering this place we have become weekly visitors. The layout is great and the patio is top notch. Great seating with a fire pit creates multiple opportunities for causal sitting arrangements, great for conversations. The patio even has bar access which is a really nice convenience. The inside is a lot larger than you would think with multiple types of seating including booths, tables, pub tables and ample bar seating.  Beer on draft runs you about $4 and this includes a tall can of Strongbow Cider (love that stuff). The menu has a good variety of Irish fare and burgers. For $9, I can get a really good burger complete with rasher, sauteed leeks and Irish whiskey aioli, chips, and a cup of soup. They have 4 standard soups and the 2 we have sampled have been delicious. The potato leek is my favorite- creamy with potato chunks and rasher bits- so good for a cold day. I really want to try other things on the menu but my love for their burger has prevented me from doing so. The husband get the fish and chips sandwich and sings its praises to everyone we tell about the Wolfhound.

With live entertainment, live trivia, and strategically placed big screens this place satisfies all of our needs for a great local pub- plus the food is awesome.
Very good authentic food. I will definitely be going back again. Love the soups!
Finally, a great bar in the far west valley and to top it all off its an Irish Bar!!!  I've been there 3 times now  and the service and food have always been excellent.  The potato leek soup is as good as my mothers and thats saying alot!  The Declan's Irish Stew was so good it bordered on decadent.  Imagine a rich stew loaded with celery, carrots, leeks, and potatoes surrounding an entire lamb chop that is so tender it falls off the bone as soon as your fork touches it.  My hubby loves the seafood chowder and the corned beef. 
The wait staff is very friendly and amazingly remembered us and our drink order after just one visit. 
I
For the past five-ish weeks that I have been a temporary Surprise resident, I have been to the Irish Wolfhound numerous times. It's almost like I am a regular there. I guess I needed a new Irish pub since I am on the other side of the Valley from Rula Bula now.

Everytime I have been to the Wolfhound, it has been busy. Doesn't matter whether it has been a Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, or Monday. It's been busy. It's a sign that a)it has a good atmosphere (love the patio with the firepit); b) the drinks and food are really reasonably priced; and c) the food is way better than you would expect at an Irish pub in Surprise. The cheesecake with Bailey's is so much better than I could have hoped for. Is it NY Cheesecake OMG I want to die good? No, but it is still really tasty while drinking a Harp and playing bar trivia on a Wednesday night. The seafood chowder is a great soup and I don't even like soup!

Service is really speedy and friendly. The Irish Wolfhound hosts Team Trivia on Wednesday evenings which is when you can catch me and some friends defending our nerdiness. If you ever find yourself in Surprise, this is a good spot to check out.
Ok, I've been there 3 times now. Twice on Saturday, one on Friday. 

First 2 times we were there, service was horrible. The servers were rude, very slow, and didn't really care. 

First time we went there, it was Saturday. We got there 10 til 10. I tried to flag someone so we could get food order in before the late-night menu started. First girl I talked to said they were not serving food. I asked if they were serving late night menu then, she said "Ya, but I don't know where the menu is" and walked away. 
We waited for few minutes but nobody came to our table, so we gave up and couple of us got drinks from bar (after 10 minutes of waiting at the bar too) Few minutes after, our server came to us and said "Where have you been? I was waiting for you all to sit down" Well, One of my friend was sitting at the table for the whole time and the server didn't go over for like 15 minutes, it just sounds like an excuse. We finally got late night menu, which was a one page print out of like 5 things... We got wings, Reuben sliders, and fish and chips. Wing and Reuben came out first. Wings were alright. It was too crispy for my taste and flavor was so-so. Reuben slider wasn't so tasty. Meat was dried out and bun was too hard. Fish and chip came out about 10 minutes later. It was 1 fish. One chunk of fish that was very over done (dark dark brown). Did kitchen guy forgot to take it out of the fryer? Or did server forgot to bring it out and it got cold so they had to fry it again? Either way, it wasn't so good. Chips were very greasy too. And speaking of server... she didn't know what half and half was, or black and tan... she kept asking which beer we wanted. Overall, we weren't happy. 

Second night was 2 weeks later, on a Friday night. 
Walked in, got ourselves a table, different server. Let's see if this night is any better than last time. Nahhh, it was still the same. 
We ordered drinks, asked for a menu (unfortunately late-night menu again) and waited... She came back with drinks, no menu. So we asked again. Her response was, "Oh, you want menu? I'll be right back" She said that first time we asked for a menu! Anyways, she got menu... and disappeared for 20 minutes. You know... if somebody asks for a menu, doesn't it mean that somebody is hungry and wants to order a food? Maybe? Anyways, she wasn't paying attention, so my buddy got up, grabbed a random server that's standing by POS, and asked to put an order of wings in since our server is MIA. As he was sitting down, I see our server getting up from another table across from ours, walked towards us, and said 
"Oh, did you want to order food?" so we replied with 
"Yes, we asked for menu because we wanted to order food. But you were gone for 20 minutes, so we decided to find somebody else" 
So then she responded with 
"Oh, I'm sorry we are slammed. I just got like 10 tables." 
Hmmmm, I just saw her get up from other table which I could see and she was there for good 5 minutes. What a way to give us an excuse! And we are not stupid, people were leaving, not coming in. The place had half the people compare to when we came in.  And also she was blaming other server for doing her job. Oh, and my buddy asked her what the writing on the wall meant. It was in Celtic. She was running around all over to find what it meant. She failed though... My comment on that was 
"If only she tried that hard to get our order and drinks right..." 
So... the second visit was a bad one too... 

The next day! 3rd time is a charm. We'll give it a one final chance before we give up on this place. 
Walked in, got a table right in front of the stage. (We also went 2 nights in a row to see The Biffos play) This time, a server came right away to take our order! So the night started good. She took rally good care of us, got our food, and checked on us more than other 2 servers combined. Later of the visit though, she was getting slower, but I could also see she had other tables she was tending. That's fine. She wasn't making up story about how it got mysteriously busy with no people.

After 3 visits, I give 2 star. The food wasn't something to rave about and service was way below average. I would rather go to other bars with cheaper Guinness and better service.
This has become our go-to spot. With team trivia every Wednesday we are here at least once a week. The servers recognize us and are always friendly. The corn beef/Rubens are delish and I love the laid back environment. They always have full tables which must be a sign that they are doing something right! I encourage anyone in the area to stop in and give them a try!
I have been here twice now and both times the food was excellent, and the drinks were good as well.  Some of the wait staff is new, heck the whole restaurant is new, so they are still ironing out the kinks.  The first time we went was right before we left to go to Ireland, and I had the lamb stew while my husband had the bangers and mash.  Both were very tasty.  After returning from Ireland we took some family there to eat and the food was again excellent.  If you don't want a bar atmosphere, don't go here, but if you want good Irish food and drink, go, have fun and try the Jameson's :-)
I tried this place because I like Guinness beer and Irish fare bar food and it's close to the house.  I probably will not return though.  The food was OK, nothing to really get excited about.  My wife had the fish and chips but it was over cooked and rubbery but my burger was good.  The waitress did take the fish order off the check which was nice of her but because the food isn't reliably good, we would simply prefer to go to another pub (the one in Glendale) for our Irish food fix.
I love the way it looks inside.  Its the new bar in town so everybody goes, though i will say it is a much older crowd than the other places in town.  I went on a Saturday, they had at least 5 bartenders working.  I found it really hard to get a drink, sure it was busy but I've seen 2 good bartenders handle the same workload without a problem.   I finally got my beer, handed him a $20, got change for a $5 and he was out of sight before I could even say anything.  2nd time I came in I stood there and got bored of doing so before being helped and left.

Maybe they can get the kinks ironed out down the road and it will improve.  They got the patio finished and it is quite nice!  

I recommend it if you're over 50.  Just not the spot for me.
There isn't a whole lot going on in Suprise, so when I saw the Irish Wolfhound being built, I was pretty excited to try a new place.

My friends and I started going after work on Mondays and Thursdays for beer, food and to watch football. We sat at the bar, service was always great and the food is excellent. I'm a soup guy and haven't had a bad soup, yet. The Guiness battered fish and chips should also be tried. They have a good beer and whiskey selection.

After football season, we've been back a few times on weekends and for St Pattys day. WOW has this place filled up! It looks like word spread and the Wolfhound is full almost every time we go. I've read some complain about the service time, but I don't mind waiting a bit.

I haven't gone as often, lately, but will definately pick it back up once the World Cup starts. Highly recommended.
Eh. The Saturday night that we showed up, back in March, it was just dead.  I liked the band that was there that night, but the service was ridiculously slow for how few people were there.

I haven't been interested in going back.
So...I'm not a huge fan of traditional Irish food, but stopped in to try something different last week. The place has a nice look to it...it reminds me of Rula Bula in Tempe. I went Friday afternoon and the place was dead. Literally 2 people at the bar and 4 people (other than us) eating. I tried the Guinness beef barley soup...has some nice flavor to it and some spice, too. Also had the Irish Wolfhound burger...while the burger was cooked a little more than I liked (ordered medium), it was juicy and hot, but lacked seasoning. There also wasn't very much aioli, I guess I should have asked for extra. Service was decent, but could have been better considering the place wasn't busy at all. I'm thinking this would be a good place to come after work for a few drinks, or when it's cooler out and you can enjoy a few drinks outside on the patio. I'll have to give the food another chance, too.
This place has great prices, great food and great music!  Beer prices are very good for going out and the fish and chips is fabulous!  The Biffo's is the best band they got, never miss a month when they are there.  Tons of tv's and screens and an awesome, comfortable patio.
Been here twice now. 
First time was back in July. Only stayed for one beer at that time. The atmosphere is your typical dark irish pub type of place where you feel you should be dressed in a turtleneck and drinking a Guiness. Definately not the vibe you want when it is 115 degrees out. So we bailed. 
We went again yesterday for a business lunch. We ate in the game room which had a few more windows so it felt a little brighter. Overall not bad. The service was prompt and friendly. The waitress was quick with suggestions and complimented you on your choice. The food itself, while pricey (seriously, 10.00 for a burger is on the high side) was good. I wanted my burger medium and thats how it came. There was 7 of us and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. 
I am sort of looking forward to one of the 3 actual cold days we experience here in the valley so we can pop in and have an irish coffee or two.
Well where do I start...

When we walked in the tables that were not already seated were dirty with remnants from the last guests.

After being seated for almost ten minutes, we finally got our drink order taken.  We had drinks by about the 16 minute mark, although not everything we ordered...then we finally had food by about the 34 minute mark.

Look, here it is...service was a mess.  One server for what I could see was 19 people at various tables in the section we were seated in.  Wow.  That is not what I call service.  People were waiting for food, refills and the check.

The food was good, in fact it is a real shame that the food was so good, because we will not be going back.  A lot of places have good food, but usually when the service is bad as this, those places do not stay open long.
I have to say I really like this place. Wish the beers were a bit cheaper, but they have a great selection so I can't complain too much.

Try the patio when weather permits; but it fills up fast on Friday & Saturday nights. (Dear Management, Please add extra tables outside. Thx)

So far I've had great food and pretty good service too (considering how busy they were at the times I've been there).

Chips and curry are amazing! I actually ordered it to go one night! Who on earth orders bar food to go?!? Yep, its that yummy. If you're going to try the Irish Nachos definitely share with someone - the portion is HUGE!

Chicken tenders and the pub burger are good and worth mentioning too.

Anytime I've been there on a Friday or Saturday night they've had a live band playing. Some bands have been pretty good and even played some of their own songs which is nice. And then there have been some bands that sound, well, like bad karaoke.
We started coming here just after it opened. It was a little slow then, but we liked it enough and came back. In fact, each time we popped in for a quick drink, we would leave and say, " I Like that place". We go about once a week or so. We typically sit at the bar and always have had great service. The food is great, especially the fish n chips, the burger and the reubens. I highly recommend.
The food is awesome and the atmosphere fits an Irish bar.  Guinness is on draft and the fish and chips are excellent.

Service was great too.  I had the barley soup and really hit the spot.
We found our new (replacement) Irish pub after losing the Ol' Dubliner.  We came after a spring training game (saw an ad at the park) and we had the fish and chips, very tasty, not over greasy and good flavor.  The atmosphere seems spot on and we will certainly be back and try something else as well!
Love the fish n chips!
We've been stopping here ever since they opened. We love this place and since it's a short walk from home, it's a winner to us!

The food is awesome, service is so-so at times, but hey, it's a PUB! 

Stop in on the weekends and listen to some great live music.. a must for St Patty's Day!

Don't forget to try the new $1.00 street tacos.. the steak are my favorite..mmmm yum :)
The Dubliner is gone :( but dang I found a better joint in the process!

First off I am not a fan of fish from the good old days in the navy where I ate some of the worst fish ever on the planet! But you need to order the fish and chips here if you like fried treats and maybe can stand a slight fish taste as long as its golden brown. BOOM this was the best fish and chips meal I have ever had, I even heard the waitress boasting to the Sun City folk that they are the number 2 seller in the US of friken A of fish and chips plates and I defiantly know why in this case. They say this is Guinness brazed fried fish, but I have a feeling it's way more top secret than that. Try this place on the non all you can eat days because you will be waiting an hour to get in (friday / saturday) just to scarf some good eats down. This is due to only one fryer in the kitchen (another note I overheard). The only flaw I tasted was the coleslaw which could have had a bit more mayo or taste, was a bit dry. The chips were perfect, and the fish was downright awesome. Once you have tried this place then you can venture there when it's packed and enjoy a cold one with me ! I will update soon when I can go there and not order the fish and chips (maybe in 2012) Check it, wreck it...
This is a decent place to get drinks. I've never tried the food so I can't comment on that. The patio is also nice.
I love the Wolfhound! It is a great bar.  I think the service we got tonight was the best we have ever had... It was amazing.  Our server finally told us she has a degree in culinary arts and that she tries to provide the service she herself would want... Girl, you brought it and we appreciated it!

We all shared a plate of mussels; I still think these are the very best thing on the menu and they are, hands down, the best I have had anywhere.  The white wine sauce with leeks is divine and the meat just slides right out of the shells, I could eat them weekly!  We also had a plate of fish and chips; the fish was very good and the batter tasty but wow, the grease that soaked into the bed of fries... It made the fries inedible.  We also had a selection of the street tacos, fish and carne asada, they were fine but bland.  I realize they were only a dollar each, but for a small amount of meat, some cabbage, and pico on a tiny corn tortilla, the dollar was about .40 too much.  Cheese, cheese is a common taco topping and these needed it.  Sour cream and avocado or guacamole should have been somewhere... And let your customers decide what and how much veggie topping to put on the taco!  We were informed that there was some sort of sour cream based topping on the tacos but really couldn't taste it and I definitely couldn't see it!  If I can't see it or taste it, it wasn't there... Sorry.  These were great ladies lunch tacos... Ladies that aren't hungry.

But the Wolfhound gets the four stars because of the icy cold Stella on tap, the phenomenal mussels, and the impeccable service on this visit.  Pay this young lady more and put her in the kitchen... Her talents, while appreciated in the dining room, are wasted as I am positive she can cook based on our conversation...
went for friday fish and chips  - very disappointed -  had to send first order back because it was soggy and cold as it was prepared 30 minutes before I ordered.. The waitress agreed that it had been sitting for awhile.. this place IS A BUST !!! George and Dragon and Pier 83 so much better! Don't waste your time or money...
Some real good food here.  Best Reuben I've ever had from here. I have loved every appetizer I have tried.  Large selection of beer and whiskey.  If they had a better red wine selection i'd go 5 stars.  I love to play trivia here.
The food isn't bad but it's not great. Avoid the shepherds pie as it's greasy and bland. The sandwiches,grilled calamari and soups are the way to go. The waitresses never look happy so don't expect a chipper girl to serve you. The bartenders make up for the depressed waitresses.
We love to go here and enjoy the Packer games. Just bought a bunch of gift certificates through our RE/MAX Rewards program so we can take more friends along! The food is good. The bloody mary bar is a blast. Friendly staff and a pleasant atmosphere top it off.
My husband and I love coming here to play darts and listen to the Irish music. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have a great selection of draft beer. The patio is wonderful and roomy with a great fire pit, if only it wern't for all the smokers. The menu is mostly Irish fare (obviously) which involves a lot of meat & fat. However, they have decent wings, good home made soups and the lamb shank dinner is divine.  The service is hit or miss, usually pretty slow to refill our drinks but it's usually pretty busy there. Chrissy (waitress) is super friendly and very accommodating.
I've been here about five or six times and I still don't know if I like it. I go here with my boyfriend, who loves Irish food. 

The prices are pretty up there, even for the appetizers, so I always find myself scrounging through their menu, tying to find something small and reasonably priced.

They once let me order of the kids menu, but that was a one time shot. They won't let me do it again. Maybe next time I should "order a kids meal to go" and then sneak, sneak eat it.

The only other reasonably priced Item is a small side salad. FYI: My idea of reasonably priced is $6 or less.
Used to be my favorite place for chicken & curry until I came in for my to-go order & saw the chef through the order window boxing my food with his bare hands. I'm sure my food is touched with bare hands at restaurants more than I probably realize ... but when I asked the bartender if that's what I really saw, she gave me the excuse "That's all he touches. That's his spot." (yeah right - hard to believe he stands there like a statue all night and only places his impecably clean hands on food alone.) so I replied "he isn't supposed to be wearing gloves?" 

No gloves in my own kitchen .... fine.
No gloves in a restaurant .... totally grossed out. 

Come on, even the Subway two doors down from this place puts on gloves every single time.

Offering to remake my food would have been nice. Still undecided if I'll be back - and that's saying a lot since they have a ton of great beer on tap and I could avoid ordering food.

Beware chef does not wear gloves!
Food & drink were good (tho our waitress seemed clueless as to the whereabouts of a wine list -- "We have a lot of other wines, on a big list, somewhere!" -- fortunately the house wine was fine).  Inside is excruciatingly noisy, which some might find energetic, and outside one dodges wafts of cigarette smoke.  Other than that, a decent meal.
Great just grab a drink and relax. Pretty good food too. My favorite is the Reuben.
We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had.
The food service was very good also.
I enjoyed this visit to the Irish wolfhound!! We went once for dinner and another for the St. Patricks festivities!! So much fun!! For dinner I had a chicken caesar salad, and it was really good! One the St. patty's day there was dancing and food booths and of course beverages. For food I tried the Irish nachos, really good, and the brats..YUM!!! Will be back again next year, I'm sure!!
I visited this place on a whim. Two friends and I were meeting for a late lunch and this is near our jobs. It is a pub and definitely has the dark wood, beer drinking, rugby fans vibe, but the tables are large, waitstaff friendly, and food was delicious!

We passed on the fish fry (there were a ton of people who came in strictly for that) and shared appetizers and desserts. We shared the potato nachos, fried shrimp, and curry fries for our meal. The curry dipping sauce was tangy and perfect if you like curries....not burning hot, but obviously spiced. The shrimp were huge and piled high on their little plate. The potato nachos were the dinner hit, though. Wedges of red potatoes are smothered with a cream sauce, cheese, herbs, and mixed with slices of sausage. Yummy!

Being stuffed didn't stop us from sampling the dessert menu, either. Our order was for the ice cream sandwich drizzled with Baileys, cinnamon topped apple pie, and bailey's cheescake (which had a fun name that I can't remember currently.). Even with two chocolate-icecream-bailey's concoctions the mix dessert flavors was varied and hit the sweet tooth spot. 

If you are ever on that side of town, it is well worth the stop.
I go for the pub atmosphere.  The food I did try wasn't up my alley.  They have live bands playing often and nice patio area.
The best things are worth coming back to again, and again, and again. I have never had a bad meal here: we get the boiled bacon sandwich-without the bread and mustard, and the fish and chips. It's always good each time. I know we should try something new, but these two things are always too good to pass up.

I love the boiled bacon ......it's just so good.
I am a regular at this restaurant, mostly for the fish fry Friday.  I went there with a bunch of colleagues from work on Wednesday to celebrate the end of school. Our server was great!  She was very attentive, and there were a lot of us, all on separate checks and all coming at different times.  

The drinks were excellent and I ate the slider sampler.  YUM!!!!!  The only complaint I have is that they don't have a happy hour and the drink prices are high.
Not a must go to if you are in Surprise.  I have visited here 3 times hoping it would get better....Food was ok, price is ok..... I tried 3 different dishes and did not finish any meal.  We tried to make this a regular place to visit, but I need food with my beer and the food can be better. The service was ok, not really looking to refill my glass, or I would of had a few more beers.....

 Wish I was a fish fry type, if thats what your into then go here.
Maybe I'm too spoiled from living near Padre Murphey's and RTO Sullivans, but this place just isn't up to par. 

The Beer is actually good, I like their bar and drinks selections. 

But the Food and menu is horrible. Wing are shitty, I'm not a huge fan of Irish food but at least Padres has THE GODFATHER which is probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Plus their wings are awesome. 

Also the customer service here sucks, bartenders hardly notice you when sitting at the bar or act as if its a chore to take your order. 

Irish I know you're one of the only bars in surprise but step your fucking game up. Because once a better bar opens up, your going to be in trouble. 

I much rather make the drive out to 59th ave and bell to go to RTO's or to 43ave and bell to Padre Murphy's. 

In fact today I'm going to meet a friend at Native New Yorker instead of this place because the food sucks so bad, and I know I can count on Natives wings.

*UPDATE*
So apparently Native New Yorker is closed, so I ended up meeting my friend at Irish Wolfhound, figured, geez what other place could we really go too, especially on short notice. 

I had a burger, it was horrible. The fries were actually okay, not the greatest but better then the burger that's for sure. 

We tabbed out after 2 drinks and talked. Well after talking for a while we decided on another beer. Waited and waited for our server to come back around and when she didn't I just went to the bar.
I was STANDING at the bar for a while, even looking at the bartender in the face as she cleaned glasses yet didn't acknowledge me and there was maybe only 3 people total sitting at the bar. FINALLY she comes over and I order 2 IPA's. 

Our server then comes back around and makes a comment like "oh you're still here?" 

Uh wow. 

After talking for a while longer with my friend, (we were sitting at a hight top) I put my feet on the open seat next to me to rest them while I chat. 
then another SERVER actually comes up to me and says, "Excuse me sir, we don't allow feet on our furniture". 
I had fucking shoes on and it's a fucking bar, i'm actually sitting indian style before and after that on my own seat and on my shoes anyway. 

REALLY RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY. I'll NEVER be coming back, FUCK this place. 
Downgrading it to ONE star.
This place has some good food and is a nice place to hang with friends after a good workout. I usually get a burger here and they come out pretty good. They have a bunch of beers on tap and the interior of the place is set up nicely. Live music some nights and a game room with darts and pool tables as well. The patio outside is great if you're a smoker (not me though). Prices are average to higher but at least it's going towards a real restaurant and not a chain.
This is a great place to hang out on a Friday. The all you can eat fish is pretty good, although I prefer the sandwich. It's a good deal for drinks until 7 and they usually have a band worth listening to after 8. We started going there because it was so close to the house, but I keep going for the food and service. Give it a try.
Me and my dad have become regulars at this place. The atmosphere is always great and we are never disappointed with the food or service. We go to trivia night on wednesday nights and always have a blast- good food, drinks and people. I'd recommend this place to anyone!!!
We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had.
The food service was very good also.  This was about 3 mo. Ago. 
Today  we went there for lunch, 11:20am.  about 23 people,there, I ordered iced tea and hubby had a Bud light,  we both ordered the Rueben Sandwich, he had the soup, I had cold slaw and the chips.  Reuben's corned beef was probably leftover, some pieces were very dry and had to chew, and very very salty.  The chips were not crisp, they were soggy, like old from yesterday, cold slaw was the best part of the meal.  For  the total at $ 34 format lunch, nothing to brag about.  Finished my ice tea no refill. Could of used something to wash the salt down.
Love the atmosphere here. Live bands, great food, and a good time!
Fish fry was good.  Irish stew was ok, it's a big bone in lamb buried in potatoes, carrots, parsnips and onions.  Guinness was fresh and delicious and mixed drink off the tabletop drink menu was good.  All around good place that I may or may not visit again.
Good food, but I have to admit I'm not overly adventerous especially with Irish food. I typically get soup and salad or a turkey sandwich.  We used to go for trivia but have stopped since we moved.  They have a good bar selection.
Been to several bars/restaurants and everytime I go into this place I just never seem to like it. Whether it be the service, the atmosphere, the food or most recently the security guards on a sat. night that were dressed like cops that seemed to be hovering over anyone at the bar they felt had been there too long. They actually went up to a couple and I believe cut them off from drinking...? I have no clue what this was about as I had never seen this before?  I just can't seem to get into this place. No wow factor, no good feeling.. nothing that makes me want to go back. Just bla...Alot more upbeat happier places to get a drink and good food.
I've been here probably 1/2 dozen times in the last 9 months. The corned beef and cabbage + the Fish and Chips are really the only two choices food-wise. The beer is always cold and at good carbonation levels. It's a good representation of what an Irish Pub should be. I disagree with Nicholas. I would much rather go to the wolfhound than padre murphy's or RTO Sullivans. However, there is one catch. The food really is too pricey. $14 for fish and chips is a little much in my opinion. The atmosphere is genuinely Irish. My brother lived in Ireland for 2 years and the first thing he said when he walked in was "Wow this is the most Irish place I've been since Ireland" With that said, I've always had good experiences and will go back.
Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.  I have a fondness for Guinness and Murphy's. So far this is the only Irish Pub in Surprise. They do a few amusing variations on the classic Black and Tan that are worth a try.  The tried and true fish fry brings in the faithful but the corned beef is my favorite bia. A great mint lamb dish was dropped from the menu. If enough requests come in they may bring it back(thats a hint paddys)  High pub style seats and lack of lower altitude chairs are a complaint that I've heard from my mother In law.
Whenever my friends want to hit a place up that's unpretentious, this pub always comes to mind!

During lunch hour, I love coming here for corned beef sandwiches and relaxing. Saturday nights are pretty popular. There's usually a live band playing on weekends, where some people end up drinking and dancing, but it can get super loud. The outdoor patio has plenty of seating and tables to escape from the music playing inside, when you want to be able to talk without shouting over one another's voices. There are flat screens outside so you can watch football or other sports when chatting it up with friends. There's a big crushed glass circular fire pit with circular seating around it if you want to chill by the fire instead of sittng at the patio tables. 

Seeing as how weekend nights tend to get busy, service is okay. The waitresses will get to you when they can, but sometimes you may have to walk up to the bar yourself to put your order in. Last night I enjoyed a special they were having on Irish Coffee that was served hot with whipped cream on top. Perfect for the holidays! But wait a second, Arizona doesn't get that cold, so of course I had to cool things back down with an Irish Car bomb drink or two.
I come here regularly.

Their fish and chips are very good and the seafood chowder is excellent.

The beer is cold and they have a very decent selection on tap.

My only complaint would be that their happy hour includes no decent beer.
We were here for lunch on 1/3/13.  We had checked online to see what was on the menu and to read the reviews. We loved the atmosphere, there was a medium sized lunch crowd with people enjoying their food and lunchtime. Various ages from mid - twenties to probably a few 80 year old gents in for a toddy.

We had such a cheerful waitress who provided timely service.  My husband had the Irish Stew with Lamb Shank and I had the Pub Steak Salad with a great dressing. I had the Pear Cider and my husband a Guinness  draft. Very enjoyable and excellent food and service. We will definitely be back and will bring our Irish sis- in-law here when she is state side.  We both almost had the Irish Breakfast that is served all day.  Maybe next time.
I'm a regular at this bar but this is the first time I've decided to eat here. I can't say the food was terrible but I have a issue with calling something a "Shepherds pie" if it doesn't actually have SHEEP in it. Ground beef is used in a cottage pie....but it was bland regardless of the name. Also, quite over-priced. They have decent bar choices and only a quick drive from home so I do go regularly but only as a bar patron. Please be careful of your checks if paying by credit as I've been over-charged a few times. I had one of the bar tenders decide to give himself a $60 tip. Luckily, I was refunded but those "mistakes" shouldn't be happening at a place that would like to keep business.
Came here after visiting another bar down the street. I've heard a lot of good things about Irish Wolfhound. On Saturday they had a live band which was very good and the place was packed, but not overly packed. I came here with high expectations but thought it was good, but not great. The rooms and decor looked a little generic. Guess I'm getting tired of bars that call themselves Irish bars by just look Irish by putting Guinness posters and a harp on the wall. But what can I expect from an Irish Bar in Surprise??

Not saying I wouldn't come back here.  Beer selection was good, Guinness was poured right, and good music, so I would come back. I didn't try any of the food so ill update my rating when I try the food.
Love the Irish Wolfhound!
Haven't ever had a bad meal here.  Never thought I'd love 'corned beef and cabbage', but I do!  
Best part is their beer list.  One of the few places in Surprise where you can get an IPA.
I love this place!  I have only been for night festivities  but it has always been awesome.  There are normally live bands and no cover charge, for those that want something quieter they have another room that is farther away.  The outside fire pit is the coolest one you will ever see.  The service is for the most part good.  The Reuben sliders  are amazing and the fish with the fish and chips is good.  the fish just has a little too much batter for me.
Great food and service.
I went here a week ago and the service was great. Then, I went back Sunday for lunch and I can't say it was the same.It wasn't even crowded and there were tons of servers. Our server took forever to give us our drinks and our food. She came to us twice... to give us our cold food and check. Wait, I take that back, three times, she took our order, brought our food, and gave us our check.

The decor is great and the atmosphere is nice. But, I can't say it was the same for the slow servers on a Sunday afternoon.
Great atmosphere, Guinness was delicious and the Corned Beef and cabbage hit the spot. Great service! Happy St. Patty's Day
Ok, came here to enjoy happy hour and the service was ok?  Waitress really did not want to help us, she rather be somewhere else for sure.  
I have had better times in other bars, outdoor patios than here so I must only rate this an ok place.  Wish I could give it a higher rating? Why you ask?  The place is nice, just the service is ugh and the crowd.  Wish it could be a younger crowd, but it seems to attract Sun City here and not Surprise.  Luckily the patio is big so our group could be far from the other patrons.
I love this place so much!!! There's live music sometimes, trivia sometimes or sometimes just people chillin. It's got great food, full bar, gorgeous an comfy outdoor sitting area with waitstaff. Love it here!
Nice restaurant and pub with friendly service.  The fish and chips were great.  The corned beef and cabbage was surprisingly good.  The cabbage was sweeter than normal and the corned beef was lean but tender.  I like the Murphy's stout in a can that I ordered.  Will be back on my next golf week with my friends who live near here.
Came here with a large group on a Friday for lunch and were totally impressed.

Service was quick to accomodate our group of 20. They moved tables, got drink orders, and then all food orders all quickly!

Food was also quite delicious. Everything from the Irish Nachos, Cobb Salad, Boiled Bacon Sandwich and more.Highly recommend!
If you live in the Surprise area and want a bar experience that isn't filled with bikers and the blue-haired crowd this is the place to go. With their good selection of beers (including Magners which is very hard to find) and on Fridays all you can eat Fish N Chip, it's a great place to go. On weekend nights I love getting some beers, sitting around the fire pit outside and then maybe playing a couple rounds of pool inside. They also have a great St. Patricks Day celebration around that time of the year.
Get the 3 slider plate, best of all the sandwiches. Reuben is my favorite.
First time there - flyin' solo and immediately felt welcome.  Seating could be more comfortable or I could be younger.  Delicious soup and sandwich with a Harp and loved the ice cream sandwich with Baileys. Server was great.  Will go again-patio looked interesting come cooler weather.
Came here after a 8 month break.  Don't know if they had a change of management or what but I was not impressed.  The black velvet had a strange taste to it (had one at my last visit and it was great).  The soda bread was asbdry as sand and very hard/stale.  My wife's steak sandwich was very bland.  Wait staff preferred to talk to each other rather than wait tables.  I wanted so much to have a local Irish pub that I liked but this is not it.  Bummer.
OK, this is going to be a narrow review. 
 
Liquor and the "Reuben"

Went to the patio with a friend on a Friday night to drink some scotch and smoke cigars.  The outside patio was well laid out and not cramped or confined.  Plenty of TV's around if your interested.  The fire pit is smack dab in the middle of the patio, but this was summer time so nothing to report other than it was nicely sized for a patio that large.

The drinks were ordered and 2 scotch and rocks came out in decent size glasses.  I thought it looked good.  Then the manager approached and told our waitress to take them back and tell the bartender to fill them to the top.  WOAH!  We were pleased to see that our top shelf order was given top shelf treatment.  The Reuben was ordered later that evening and it was delicious.  It was classically prepared and the coleslaw on the side was a bit more crunchy then I prefer it, but it was a generous portion in a cereal bowl sized container. Not like one of those small ramekins that has 4 or 5 bites of food in them.  

Through out the evening service was key, we always had someone checking on us to see if we needed anything.  

Overall it was great, I feel I got my monies worth and I will return and recommend this spot to others.
Still one of my favorites on the west side.  Steak sandwiches and Reuben's are excellent.   

Prices are right and the service is always great.
First time here, I liked the ambience and the plethora of tv's. Beer selection was good. The slider sampler was delicious! Can't wait to come to this place at night when not as many kids are present. I don't like it when parents let there kids climb all over other tables and touch everything, that is my only complaint.
Fish and Chips all you can eat!!! Outstanding!!! Very crispy on the outside and moist on the inside not dry! Very flavorful and not fishy tasting. Highly recommended. Very affordable at about $15 a plate for all you can eat fish n chips.
Nice Irish atmosphere, decent food,  great service, fun back room with pool & darts, & live music. Enjoyable experience altogether!
Cool place! Great beer selection, comfortable outdoor patio with heaters and TVs. Food was awesome, I had a burger with chips that I would definitely order again. Will be back next time I'm in town!
I have been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Food is amazing! The Slider Sampling is great and the Reuben Sandwich is delicious. Great beer selection and you have to get the bread pudding for dessert!!! Loved it!!!
Always a good place, could use more bar tenders on the patio!!!! What's up with that?!?
Just moved here recently from CA, Toby Keith wrote a song that should be the theme song for this place " I love This Bar". Great atmosphere, awesome service, wonderful food and Andy is the best bartender ever. The staff is great and fun to be around, also if you are a fish lover Friday night is all you can eat fish and chips. John Taffer would find little wrong with this place and I have so much respect for his opinion, he is the best in the biz. 
Do yourself a favor and stop in and have a cold $2.50 beer and sit a spell, you will be glad you did.
First time there. Food and service were great!! I ordered the fish and chips and my hubby ordered the meatloaf. The only thing we found lacking was that there was no seasoning on the fries. Other than that, everything was great!!!! We will be back on a Friday so that I can have the all you can eat fish-best I've had in a while!!
Love the atmosphere in the place. Corned beef was the best I ever had in my life. Service can be a little slow at times, but I can look past it somewhat cause the servers are very friendly. Lunch specials are a great value for how much you get.
New to the area and wanted to try it out. I loved it!! Great bar, WAY bigger on the inside then it looked from the outside which was a nice surprise. Great food, Great atmosphere and great people. 

Would give it 5, but the service is a little on the slow side. Im not expecting super fast service and always being check on...... but the couple of times I have gone there It takes a while to get someone to us right away (usually you seat yourself) and the bartenders don't really seem very interested in the new people that walk in..... 

Other then that!! I love this place. Went on a Sunday night by chance and they had a super fun trivia night! It was so cool to see people getting into it they way they do!
First time here for Wednesday "date night" with my mom. We decided to try something we've never had: pickleback (bushmills whiskey with pickle juice chaser) down the hatch! Not something I'd normally go for (and probably wouldn't again) but that's because I'm a huge baby when it comes to shots..I think I liked the pickle juice more than the whiskey.  Check that off my list and we're onto the mini irish sausages appetizer.. I'm not a sausage fan but again, for the sake of stepping out of my routine I gave this a whirl. Paired with the plum dipping sauce, it actually was enjoyable. Reminiscent of breakfast sausage with maple syrup. Mom and I decided to split our meals so we could taste more menu items. She ordered the Atlantic cod and chips with cole slaw and I got the Reuben with a side of Guinnes beef barley soup. Where do I start? How about with my most enjoyable food? The soup, although heavily salted for my taste (and mom's), was hearty and delish. I wouldn't mind eating that as a meal. The Reuben was stacked with flavorful corned beef and the right amount of thousand island and sauerkraut on a nice crunchy rye bread. Yum. Enough said. Mom's favorite: the cod. One good sized piece fried to perfection. With the included sides, this was a big portion size. I really liked how the "chips" were more or less potato wedges. I thought the cole slaw was a little dry and I think it needed more vinegar, as it fell a little flat on flavor for me. 

All in all, we liked our food. We actually put our phones down ;) to eat so we didn't get any pictures of the meals like we did for the drinks and appetizer. 

I thought about giving this review 4 stars but bumped it up to 5 because we had fast, friendly, and attentive service from a knowledgeable staff in a relaxed and unique environment. This was also reasonably priced at about $40 for the two of us (before tip).

I'm thinking I'll go back again!
Food was really good!  I had the shepherds pie which tasted great but it was a Lil more runny than I prefer.  Service was good.  I wasn't really impressed with the atmosphere.  Johnny Fox's is better for an Irish setting.  We wanted to play pool while we were here but that room was over run with a bunch of meat heads playing darts, maybe they were rugby players I don't know.  It was dinner time and most if the customers were senior citizens.  Doubt I'll come again.
Love this place. Alecia is the best waitress. Great homemade soups, fish & chips, shepards pie. A keeper!
My family and I love it here. We used to go once every week to two weeks but it's a little expensive and we're trying to cut back.  The food is always amazing. The seafood chowder, fish and chips, and bangers and mash are to die for! The wait staff is always super nice, they recognize us when we walk in.  I can't drink yet but my mom will occasionally get a beer and there's a wide variety to chose from.
Staff here is Amazing and very Friendly. Great place to take the family or hang out with friends and have a few drinks. They have a really nice patio with a bunch of Tvs on it with a fire pit in the middle.
Excellent food and service. Authentic Irish. Charming waitress!

We will be back again!
Good food. Good view and good service. Had dinner outside and had a nice view if the white tank mountain.  I had the Guinness meet and mushroom pie and it was well worth the wait for the crust to cook.
I came here on a Friday night. There were four people in my party.

We arrived at around 7PM. When we got inside, the hostess wasn't there, but a nice girl let us know that she would be back momentarily. She got there a few minutes later and asked if we'd like to sit inside or outside. We opted for the patio. She asked if we were all over 21 (?). Not sure why. She let us know to just seat ourselves. Fine...

We sit down and waited about 15 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order. When she finally arrived, she also asked us if we were all over 21. We nodded, since we were. She took everyone's drink orders (everyone ordered beer), and when she got to me, she said, "I'm going to need to see everyone's IDs." Why is it that two separate people asked if we were over 21, but didn't  bother checking IDs? Odd. 

I ordered Smithwicks (awesome beer) and the all you can eat fish fry. The fish was good, but they literally give you two tiny pieces of fish for every plate. It would make more sense to give more fish on the first plate, and less on the subsequent plates.
The french fry's were okay, but the coleslaw was HORRENDOUS! There was no dressing on it whatsoever. They put dry cabbage on a plate and called it coleslaw. 

The pricey food coupled with the below average service, along with the lack of effort put into the food gives this establishment two stars. I would only return for the Irish Beer (and any Irish pub can supply that).
Loved this place! Amazing food! My husband and I ordered shepherds pie, and cornbeef and cabbage. Delicious! The waitress was super friendly too. The only complaint is the hostess seemed annoyed by everything. Maybe she was having a bad day.
They have it down. This place has good food and service. The review that tried it for first time on a Friday night at 7PM needs to try it again. This place gets very busy for their fish fry. And they ask for ID's because they turn in to a 21 and over establishment at 9pm for the live music on Fridays and Saturdays (Posted on their door before you walk in). The two pieces of fish they got on their fist order was probably because the kitchen was slammed with orders at that hour and wanted them to have their meals and not wait for them.
We had a great time when we went here to eat. My wife and I dined with a couple of friends and we ended up playing team trivia. It was a neat thing they had going on in the restaurant.

I found the food to be really good. They know how to make the reuben sandwich, so I would highly recommend that. They have high prices, but if the food is as awesome as it was when we went I would come again.
Gotta be honest, did not expect anything in Surprise to have such a classy ambiance / dcor.  My friend and I were here on a Sunday afternoon for a few pints and a quiet place to focus on writing our screenplay together.

The help was quick and courteous, and the Guinness was properly poured and came out at the perfect temperature.  We were here for close to four hours, spent some time out on the porch and ordered some of their fries.

While I cannot comment on their food per se, everything else about this place was better than expected.  If I make it back here and the food matches the rest of the experience I shall bump it to a five.  

It should also be noted, that while the majority of the clientele there is exactly who you would expect to be eating dinner on a Sunday afternoon, the live music was specifically catered to that demographic.  He was quite talented, but there's only so much Eddie Rabbit I can handle before needing to escape on the patio.  My kingdom for some Dropkick Murphys!  And, to be fair, that's probably what they play on a Fri / Sat night... just sayin.
I'm definitely a fan.  A couple of friends and I came here for a birthday celebration on a Saturday night.  I thoroughly enjoyed the pub atmosphere and the variety of choices on the menu.  I had the potato leek soup, which was perfectly creamy and...leeky?  LOL.  And I couldn't help myself...I also had Ciaran's Fish Sandwich, which has their Guinness batter fried fish on an egg bun.  It was super tasty and went well with my soup and beer.  

The only thing I didn't especially like was the Irish band that basically prevented us from being able to have conversations with each other.  It was way too loud.  I love it when restaurants bring in local bands (but just like The Yard downtown)...turn the damn volume down!  It's not a concert and people do like to converse over plates of food.
After fours years of living here, and kept on talking about eating here. I finally had my chance! 
1st mistake, do not take your wife who hates seafood, and can not stand the smell of fish here on Fridays! It's all you can eat fish fry! After getting over the smell, she was fine.
Now I wasn't sure if this was a restaurant that serves beer? Or a bar that serves food. This place looks a lot larger from the outside, however it can still sit a lot of customers by using their outdoor patio.
Now the food!
I order the bangers and mash, I was very satisfied with this dish. Really enjoyed the sausage. Very good taste, loved the texture and seasoning. 
Our girls both had chick tenders, both liked their dishes very much. I actually tasted the tenders and I also agreed with them. Again, very good seasoning.
Wife had a cheeseburger, and after taking a bite out of it. I knew she liked it, because of the grill taste of it! She loves her charbroiled flavor. I also had to get some hot wings. The girls like to have them every time we go out. They were good, and very tasty.
Service was great, even though they were very busy for the Friday fish fry. They were able to take care of everyone without any problems.
This is definitely a place to come back to, and we will.
Love love love 2-1 Mondays and Carl! Never eaten there but it looks delicious... Karaoke night is always an experience. Def recommend this bar.
Went here for the first time today - what a great bar! Food was really good - especially the fish and chips and the Reuben. Patrick, our bartender, was fast and efficient - friendly as well. :) Bathrooms and the bar overall were spotless and nicely decorated. Even though we live more than 30 minutes away we will definitely be back!
Located next to C1, it's the perfect place to drink off that Vegas hangover while you wait for your flight. Not too expensive either - 9 dollar glass of wine is cheaper than I paid anywhere on the strip! I got some entertaining Vegas stories from the other patrons -- including one from a man whose traveling companion was too drunk to make it through security. Better than reading a copy of Us Weekly!
Corcoran's is a typical overpriced airport bar that is definitely off the beaten path. It is an "Irish in name only" pub that is located in the corner of the Southwest terminal, right next to C1. Due to its remote location, it was just about empty when I showed up (which made for prompt, courteous service).
Rude, rude, rude.   Over priced.   The bartender could barely communicate and didn't give us 5 minutes to look at the menu before he was telling us we had to order or leave.   Not one customer in the place and he wants to rush us out.

Glad there are many other choices in the airport with trained staff who welcome customers
tucked away at gate C1 in the vegas airport, hence probably hardly any reviews haha.  But a good little place to get away from the many people bustling round for a quick drink.  They were actually nice enough to let me eat Jersey Mike's sandwich there while drinking a beer.  

They do have a menu for food too but what's not on the menu that they serve are nacho cheese and hotdogs? Not sure why it's not on the menu but you can see it behind the bar counter.
If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been sitting here for over 20 minutes and have yet to be greeted. I finally went to the bar to place my order and there is one bartender and still no drink. The only reason why I've stuck around this long is because I found a charging station at my table. 

As I'm typing this, the bartender approached my table aggressively and yelled, "how dare you ask me to clean your table and not order a drink!" I said, "excuse me? I ordered a Bloody Mary 20 minutes ago from you and you have yet to bring it to me." He said, "oh yah I forgot." 

I have never been so offended by a Resturant/bar staff member in my life. Unbelievable! John Taffer from Bar Rescue would be falling over right now! 

Needless to say, I got up and left.
This is a strange little place, located near the C1 gate in the busy, crowded Southwest Airlines concourse. Even though it looks like a regular restaurant, there doesn't appear to be any table service. After seating myself at an open table, I waited about ten minutes and watched other patrons go to the bar to order food and drink. So after perusing the menu, I wandered over and asked if anything on their menu could be made gluten free. (I have celiac disease, so eating gluten is a big no for me.) Sadly, nothing on their menu is GF. 

But I was thirsty, so I did order a pomegranate mojito. Here's where Corcoran's earned its second star. The bartender made it by hand, and it was good and strong. Not sure it was worth the price - with tip it came to almost $20 - but it definitely hit the spot before a long flight home to Atlanta.
I'll give this place a 2 star review for the two good things about it. First, located between gate C1 and C2 it is quiet and away from the craziness, so plus one. Second, the beer was cold. It's airport food and no one expecting fine dining, but there little redemption here.

The food is all bagged chips and pre-made sandwiches that look and taste like they came off a food truck. The menu does not make that clear nor do you really notice the small half sized fridge you serve yourself out of. 

The "Irish" in this pub you get in the few beers on tap and the typical Irish music they  pump out at you, otherwise you'll need to be Irish to up that ante on that side of things. 

If you just want a quick, $8-9 beer then swing in, it will be quiet and kill time. If you have any real hankering for real food find another spot to eat at and leave this "Irish Classic" out of your plans.
I tried to go here to get a bite to eat and have a Smithwick's.  There's a fridge with premade sandwiches and no Smithwick's.  I don't think you can call yourself an Irish Pub just because one of the 6 beers you have on tap is a Guinness.  I ended up going somewhere else...
Decor -Fail
Menu -Fail
Pricing - Fail
Ambience - Fail
Table setup - Fail
Food - Fail
Manager/Owner - Fail/Fail
6 Month and it will closed 
I feel bad for the people working for this dbag, run and find another job!
1 star becouse you have to post!

Details for rating:
I was excited to see another open in place of TGI Fridays after all these years. But that only lasted a few seconds! A very weird buildup around the bar, it's like a box inside of a box and the tables are just an after thought for dinning! Black walls no decor but cheap beer neon signs, no lights just Christmas light strung overhead of dining tables, very dark and the print on menu is so small you cant read. No music just akward silence. Waitress said a lot people use there phones to read the menu!! Manager n is about this - that's a problem! It's like they don't know what they want to be - tortilla soup as the daily soup in an Irish restaurant - odd! Linen table clothes that continues moving all over table. There is only maybe 4 items that is Irish on the menu, it all over the place. Then they have steaks at the price of Shula's... Uh no way was I going to try that!
Now let's talk about the food! It was horrible! The mozzarella sticks were barely warm and they serve the marina sauce cold, no really it's meant to be cold! The Shepard pie, well half of it was burnt and you could smell the burnt cheese. There was no flavor!! And it was suggested - no highly pushed to me and another table to use the HP Steak sauce to make it taste better! Really use a table condiment to add flavor!!! Wheres the meat???? I could barely find it among the frozen peas and carrots! That was disgusting! Sent that back and waitress was nice about that! Round 2 - meatloaf, again no flavor had to soak in ketchup, as waitress pwas asking me about the meatloaf the owner/manager approached table. I told him I'm glad I had ketchup! It has no flavor! He then asked with his hand in pockets and a bs attitude how they should cook! I then explained that my teenage daughter makes a better meatloaf and their shepards pie didn't have flavor either! He then asked how they should cook it and what I would add to make it better! I told him I'm not a chef but you can go to Cornish Pasty on Dobson and Guadalupe and ask them how one done! The guy was a dbag and after asking several times about -well if you can't eat it and it not comfortable for, I don't want to eating. so I told him fine. He grabbed my plate and ran away like a child. He didn't offer anything else or nothing. So We waited for the waitress to return and she dropped the check and they only took of my meal! Considering the attitude from the owner/manager the entire meal should have comped especially the display he made in front of my kid!
The inside of the place looks great and I dig the walls with windows separation between the different areas of the restaurant. It is super cool that in the bar area there is a tv at every table on the outer wall. I ended up eating a sandwich with fries. I have to say I am always impressed when I get steak fries with a meal. I feel like a lot of places over look the fries but they are important too! So thank you for the large quantity of steak fries on my plate and the real bacon and leaf of lettuce, not iceberg - yuck, in my sandwich. I appreciate those details. Also, the bread pudding is hands down the best things I ate there. Don't leave without getting some. It was oh so yummy. Yes, you can tell this place is new. The staff seems green. Overly friendly but don't give straws and constantly trying to take plates away, which isn't such a bad thing just distracting. We also tried the fried pickles and they were disappointing. Too thin. Make them thicker. Hand cut them instead of what looked precut from a jar. There should be a higher ratio of pickle to batter in my opinion. This place just has a few little kinks that need to be worked out here and there. I'm gonna give them another shot in a few weeks.
Attractive, but unfinished inside. Window still has previous restaurants hours and happy hour listed. No specials, no happy hour. Server was kind, but had NO menu knowledge. Our meal was way below par even for pub food. Owner/manager(?) had a perfect opportunity to take care of us being that we were served stale cold food, but instead invited us to:  
1. Come back 2. Find him 3. Ask for free food to make up for the stale cold food we were served.  
We won't be back.
The servers you can tell are new I caught them many times standing around while looking at us the whole time with empty water glasses.
They were also over staffed so multiple servers all just kind of came to a table at once if it was a big table I would understand but for just a single plate 2 servers don't need to come to the table.
But the servers were all very nice.

We ordered jalepeno poppers as an appetizer which were very good.

My girlfriend ordered a grilled chicken sandwich that she said was good but they forgot to cut it in half so she had to do it herself which isn't a big deal just a minor annoyance. 
I had their special 1 pound burger with 2 patties on it, i asked for medium rare 
What I got was one at medium rare and one well done,Which I can live with but they also didn't have much flavor to them. After it all fell apart on me I pretty much gave up.
Awesome portions of steak fries though very good. 
I'll let this place work out everything before I give it a second chance.
There's no question this place is new, but it has real potential. This part of Mesa is lacking in non-megachain restaurants so to see a staff that genuinely wants to make your experience a positive one is refreshing.

Food!
Outstanding. Portions are pretty excellent. All I had was the Guinness Mac and Cheese and I was nearly stuffed! I say "nearly" because I had to make room for the bread pudding. More on that in a second.

My wife has considerable allergies so when a friend proposed we eat here before heading off to a party, we were a bit reluctant. The server was a sweetheart and went in to speak with the chefs (chefs, not cooks!) they made her a custom version of Shepherds Pie that met her requirements. I was thoroughly impressed with their willingness to accommodate. 

My buddy, who recommended the place, was raving about the bread pudding so I figured I'd give it a go. My wife couldn't have any, so he and I split it. Good freakin gravy, that was the best bread pudding I've ever had. 

Staff!
A lot of staff for a low volume place, but they just opened in an area that, up to this point, was essentially dead. They have their work cut out for them, but I think as they get their name out there, business will definitely pick up.

The owner is a tried and true Bostonian (complete with accent). Incredibly nice guy who pulled up a chair and sat and joined us for a bit to chat, told us a couple of jokes and all in all, did exactly what an owner should do: meet the patrons.

Decor!
The one thing that struck me about the owner was his willingness to accept feedback. He acknowledges that it's still a work in progress and told us his plans for the patio and signage to differentiate the restaurant from the pub, which is located smack in the middle of the restaurant, away from restaurant goers so they can enjoy their sports on their many-TV walls. He plans on improving the decor so it doesn't look and feel so empty. 

All in all, there's a bright future in store for O'Briens. There will be new specials in the near future including happy hour and more. I'm looking forward to my next meal here just to see how much more they've done with it.

Also, the owner does a spot in Rodney Dangerfield impression.

Keep up the good work, guys!
Went here for the first time last night, with my boyfriend and a few of his buddies, to do some drinking. We sat up at the bar for several hours and chatted with the bartender. The guy was extremely nice, and I think he just enjoyed having someone to talk to. After a while we ordered the Mcnachos, which were huge! It was a simple appetizer with chips, beans, chili, and cheese sauce with the sides of salsa, jalapenos, sour cream, and guac. I was pleased with the serving size and how good it really was. After a while, the manager showed up to make sure everything was good and if we needed anything. He was VERY friendly and took good care of us while the bartender was busy with other clients. This place is definitely a new restaurant but has real potential. I will definitely recommend this place for a different environment on this side of town.
I had been waiting for a VERY long time for this place to open, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.  

Thankfully, O'Briens is not a chain, which means they don't have the chain-restaurant mentality.  This can be both good and bad.  O'Briens didn't have the well-oiled-machine type of vibe that I usually get in chain restaurants, and that resulted in a few stumbles in quality and service.  The manager is often in the dining room or in the bar amongst the patrons. Every time that I've spoken to him, he's been warm, friendly, and receptive to ideas and criticisms alike. In the few instances that it was necessary, he has never failed to make things right for me.

Every time that I've been in to O'Briens (and it's been MANY times, I assure you), the staff has been friendly, engaging, helpful and attentive.  I've even brought friends who have dietary restrictions and O'Briens' staff and chefs (CHEFS!) have never failed to come up with something to accommodate their needs.

Inside, the decor leave something to be desired.  I'm told that it's going to improve, as well as the addition of patio seating soon.  I have no idea if these things will come to fruition, but I, for one, am looking forward to finding out!

Overall, the food is VERY good.  Their Fish and Chips is EXCELLENT.  Their meatloaf was a little different, but I like it!  The portions are LARGE, so come hungry or be prepared for leftovers.  I certainly feel that O'Briens provides good value for the money.

The Shepherd's Pie was good, but a little bland for my taste... however, I found out later that it was intended to be that way.  It was supposed to be served with a bottle of HP sauce so that the pie can be flavored to the individual taste of the guest.  My Shepherd's Pie didn't happen to come with a bottle of HP, which was a training issue that was quickly resolved when the manager heard about it.  Since then, I've seen people use a little HP sauce, use a lot, or none at all!  It's an interesting concept, but it works, and I think that it works well for the dish.

Which brings me to the Bread Pudding.  Oh, where do I BEGIN??  It is, without any doubt, the BEST bread pudding that I've had in a restaurant.  PERIOD.  The first time that I had it, I asked the manager if he had a license to sell that stuff because it was DANGEROUS!

I was happy when O'Briens opened and despite their first month hiccups, I'm happy they're still here.  I look forward to seeing them evolve into a neighborhood  institution.
So after driving by this place since they opened repeatedly we finally had a chance to stop by the new place today and wanted to explore the menu while watching some football.  We ordered an appetizer, sandwiches and a desert.  We left with a nicely filled "to-go" container and were very satisfied.  FYI, the servings are quite large.

They set up the building to have the general dinning on the outer edge of the restaurant and the bar is in the center.  What is unique and something that I like is that the bar area is separated from the general dinning room by walls with windows and a set of doors which is nice if you are looking for a quiet dinning experience and are not wanting to listen to the bar activity going on 5 to 10 feet away.  There is also a private dinning area in the back.  We did not get a look at that though.

The dcor is a darker wood, walls and trim but there are a lot of windows and plenty of lighting so that you can read the menu without having any problems.  My night vision isn't what is used to be so that that means there is plenty of light.  lol
Since we were looking to watch the football games we just headed for the bar.  The dinning area looked nice and clean.

It seemed like the bar had all the various games on so they must have the NFL package.  If you sit at one of the lower tables you can control the TV at your station and pick whichever station/game you like.  So that is pretty nice.

So for the food....
We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms for the appetizer.  They showed up and we were surprised by the size.  They were each about 3 to 4" across and freshly cooked. The shrooms were great and the accompanying sauce was good too.
For the main part of the meal, the wife had a Rueben and I had the Corned Beef sandwich.  One had the steak fries and one had the onion rings.  The pastrami was very lean and excellent.  The corned beef was very good as well.  I'm looking forward to going again for the dinner version of the corned beef.
For desert, we opted for the bread pudding.  Again it was very good.  The sauce that it came with was the highlight.  Very good but not overly strong the way some will come.  I really enjoy bread pudding and normally jump at the chance to try a new version.  I would rank this up as one of the top puddings on my list.  You definitely need to try this.
The service was great.  The waiters were well versed in the food that they offer and explained the prep and contents very well.  That is so nice to have when you are new to a restaurant.  They stopped by frequently and we never had to worry about glasses being empty.

Note: I generally rely on yelp reviews when I'm going to a new place to eat and I was a little worried after reading the review from Oct 21st but after my experience and seeing that this "person" has only completed 1 review in their lifetime on yelp I am guessing that it is a fake account and they probably work or own a nearby competitor.  Take that for what it is.

I will be back.  Especially on Sundays!
Their food is awesome! The servers are very friendly. We've gone a few times now and we're never disappointed.
I thought a lot about this pub after leaving Friday night.  I love this hatch-ling.  The bar in the center interior is fantastic.  Intimate.  If you want your very own place where after a few visits you are a known regular with your own seat, then now is the time to claim your place.  I thought about ladies like myself who love sports bars and wish I lived near here so this could be my place for my gal pals and I to meet and eat and drink - alas I'm in Los Angeles.  The beers were larger than other bars - I have no idea but maybe over 16 oz?  I tried 4 peaks kilt-lifter - yummy.  We had "Irish Pizza" and "Shepherds Pie Sliders" split between 3 ladies these two apps were just right.  The seating area of the restaurant will need more time to be an outdoors indoors.  You have to see this place, the bar area is like a building inside of the restaurant that looks like an Irish pub.  The seating around this "building" could look more like an exterior setting.  I'm thinking street lights and twinkly lights and shrubbery.  Gotta love shrubbery.  They are finishing a private function room with big TVs that looks good too.  There are about 20 TVs in the bar.  We laughed a lot and had a great visit at this bar.  I'll be back at least once a year.  Thanks O'Briens and Thanks Mesa for a nice visit.
Glad I stopped , they weren't busy still a new place off the radar .  Man was that Beer cold!!!!  Great happy hour prices ,great food !!
Was just in Phoenix for a couple days and gave O'Briens a shot. I always try to find local gems over chains and I'm usually happy I did. And I was again here. The place is new and they could use a few more people in the place. But I think they have great potential. Good food. Nice servers. And the owner made sure we enjoyed ourselves and made sure we tried the bread pudding. When I go back, I may try to bring some of that stuff home. To die for!
Went back to try Happy Hour at O'Brien's and holy crap, those plates were huge and delicious! If you get a chance stop by for their happy hour it is well worth it. Staff is still green but noticeably getting better. It was just as cold in the restaurant as is was outside, fine once you start eating and drinking though. Perhaps a few degrees warmer would have been nice. A couple next to us was complaining about the cold too. Shouldn't need a jacket inside a building. Definitely, will be back to try more!
Finally got to check this place out. Had to try the cornbeef. Very good. The best was the stuffed mushrooms. Cant wait to go back.
I have lived in Mesa most of my life here in Arizona, and I remember this location when it used to be TGIFriday's. (when they were decent)  I typically do not drive on Longmore Rd. unless stopping at Fiesta Mall for something, which is rare these days; however, I did recently drive by and noticed O'Brien's "Yes! We're Open!" sign.  I thought, "oh wow! After all these years, it's finally occupied again."  

I decided to try it out this past Sunday since I read on their site they showed "All of the games".  We got there right as they opened or maybe a few minutes just past, and I was impressed with the decor. I loved that they kept the bar separate from the restaurant and was right in your view as you walked in. Definitely inviting, and the color scheme is very warm with rich browns and dark wood.  

And when they said "All of the games", they weren't kidding! 16 tvs (I believe is what I counted), in the bar area and they did in fact have all of the football games along with basketball, hockey, golf, and even bowling.  Definitely, something for every sports fan.

We were greeted by two bartenders, one who had been there since they opened in September and the other was her first day. Both were incredibly friendly and I have to give props to the "veteran" bartender who informed me after I ordered a bloody mary that their mix was very spicey and she can make it less spicey for me if I like. I really appreciate a bartender who gives details like that and it was an A-MAZING bloody mary. To my surprise, it came with a slim jim. Who would've thought it would be good!? Well, it was and after I told a few friends about it, they made their way to join me in about an hour.  (And they too ordered a bloody mary)

There wasn't much of a crowd but then again, it was late morning on a Sunday and most of the "good" games weren't showing until 2:30pm, so I wasn't too surprised. But by 1pm, the bar was definitely filling up and while the bartenders may have been frazzled by the sudden increase in patrons, it never took the smile off their face.  It was clear they were understaffed but those that were available definitely gave it their best service.

We ordered the fried pickles and McNachos and I was incredibly impressed with the portions for both.  A nice helping of fried pickles definitely made me happy and the batter was nice and light and had a bit of flakeyness to it which was perfect. The McNachos were HUGE and very tasty. I also liked that they put the toppings off to the side, which made it easier to dip/dunk instead of having a plate of soggy nachos.  I'm looking forward to trying other items on the menu, for sure.

They also did have drink specials which I learned once I asked, but they weren't listed anywhere.

With some more advertising, stable wait staff, and a few tuneups here and there, this place can definitely be the new "it spot" for us in the area. I will definitely be back and plan to bring others with me. I would love to see this place stick around!
Tried this place for the first time and it's okay.  Watched the owner refuse service to a guy in a tank top who seemed horribly offended.  The owner later told me that he's not running a dive bar.  Good for him!  Although I was unaware that only classless people who hang out in dive bars wear tank tops.  It was about 6 pm and there were 8 or 9 people in the restaurant.  We ate in the bar which was as quiet as a library.  16 televisions and no volume on any of them.  The owner remained sitting at the end of the bar the entire time we were there, however he was not drinking.  Our server who was also the bartender was very pleasant, but had no knowledge of the menu items and had to actually reference the menu to tell you what came with your order.  We had the fish fry dinners for $12.99 with an iced tea and Dr. Pepper.  The order came with 3 fish filet's, hand cut french fries, cole slaw, tartar sauce, and one large onion ring.  Our server told us the dinner came with onion rings at first and we wondered why they would call it fish n' chips.  The fish was just okay.  Small filet of cod and plenty of breading.  Nothing I would go back for.  The onion ring was hand battered and probably the best part of the meal.  The fries were good and not greasy.  The cole slaw tasted freshly cut, but had absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The total bill was $33 and change, so I guess the (what we thought were free refills) were not.  Old bar trick...pack the glass with ice, so they drink it up faster.  It's just a matter of time before this place goes under.  Micro managing owner, untrained staff, mediocre food, and a near morgue like atmosphere is just not a recipe for success.
A great bar with individual controls for TVs around the walls. Outside the central bar area is restaurant seating indoors and a nice patio. Beer price per volume is excellent. Good selection on tap and plenty of spirits to be enjoyed straight or in cocktails. Food is uniformly well prepared. I especially like the fish sticks, cut fresh from filets. The owner is attentive to this new Irish pub. Great happy hour menu!
The set up of the bar has a lot of potential & the service is great.  They do have a lot of growing to do, but they are still a fairly new bar.  Give them a year or so of development & this 4 star review will become a 5 star review!
St. Patrick's Day and after a day of work and night at the gym I wanted to go out and get an order of corned beef & cabbage and a Guinness. After two failed attempts at other establishments (one $10 per person to get in and the second closed the kitchen at 8) I called O'Brien's. I was impressed that they answered the phone, it sounded quiet in the background, and their kitchen was open until 12. 

It is right behind the Fiesta Mall and had plenty of parking. When I walked in it was spacious and although there were several people it was not too busy - and it was quiet. We sat down at 9:20 in the bar area. There was a guy cleaning tables beside us and two servers that walked by multiple times. The hostess came in, gave someone a menu, and left. We still waited. 

I looked at everyone as they waited on surrounding tables or walked by, yet we went unacknowledged. I stopped someone and asked if we could get a minute. We finally received one and it was some minutes before the server came to our table. When she did she said "oh wait - let me get some paper to write down your order". She returned quickly and wrote down the corned beef & cabbage, a Guinness, and lemonade. 

We waited, and waited, and waited some more. I was growing increasingly impatient. I saw her occasionally walking around, yet we still had no drink. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Still no drink. I understand the food would take longer, but the drinks? I looked at their clock and it said 8:57. I stopped a different server walking by told her I was five minutes from walking out. She asked why and I informed her we still didn't have drinks. 

A guy came up, apologized and I said whatever - I am leaving in three minutes. He asked what we ordered. I said apparently a time consuming lemonade and Guinness because we can't seem to get one in under a half hour. He looked shocked and asked what food we ordered. He apologized and said he would check on it. I reminded him he was down to two minutes and I didn't care what he did with it. 

He did hustle and brought the lemonade and Guinness, and apologized. Then he went into the back and immediately returned with a plate of corned beef and cabbage. We had also at some point added mozzarella sticks and he returned a couple of minutes later with those. Our original server came by and she said "oh, sorry" and asked if she could get anything else for us. I said how about a second set of silverware. She said okay, but we never did see that surface. 

Another server stopped by, apologized and said "there have been a lot of mix-ups tonight". She said the manager would stop by and talk to us, but he was with someone else right now. The helpful male server stopped by again to see if we needed anything, and the manager showed up at the same time. He dropped off another Guinness and lemonade that must have been from the kid's menu. I told him I didn't think I would drink that other beer. He said "try", then he walked the male server to the side and asked where we came from....meaning whose table did he take over. Then he said something about taking the food and someone had been waiting for something for a long time - it sounded like he was getting in trouble for helping out. Maybe he took someone else's food. I don't know what their story was, and sorry I we ate your food. 

The manager never did speak to us other than giving us the free drinks we didn't want. They did not take anything off the bill - the corned beef, the cheese sticks, lemonade, and Guinness came to $26.45. We also never received the second set of silverware. 

I understand it is St. Patrick's Day and most places are crazy busy. This was not that busy and had sufficient staff coverage. For an Irish bar this is your Black Friday. You have one day that you are really busy and need to be at the top of your game. This was far from it. The food was good, but the service (except for the one guy who eventually got talked to) was horrible. It was slow and I was getting annoyed before it really was slow and I was annoyed. It should not take that long to get a menu, and then drinks should be immediate - not 40 minutes. 

I appreciate the server who tried to help, even if he got in trouble. Even though the food was good, I will never go back to that business. If someone were to take my dead body and put it in the restaurant I would turn into a zombie if nothing more than to walk out of there.
The worst St. Patrick's ever. We waited 30 minutes to be seated, and nobody helped us at all, so we decided to sit ourselves in the bar area. We cleaned out our own table (waitress left her cleaning supplies on the table and left to do something else and came back 15 minutes later). We ordered 2 drinks, and that was around 20 minutes wait. Then ordered an appetizer and 2 entrees, and after 40 minutes of waiting, we had to ask our waitress for the appetizer which she forgot to order. In the meantime, other tables (of people that got there way after us) where having meals that they didn't ordered, cold plates, etc. but at least they were having food. She brought the appetizer 15 minutes later, but not our food, waited another 30 minutes for the food and we had to look for her (she was all over the place and unavailable) to ask her about the food. She came back 15 minutes later to tell us they run out of what we ordered around 1 and a half hours before. We left right after, really hungry and after 2 1/2 hours of the worst service and wait ever. I don't have an opinion about the food, because we didn't "have the chance" to eat, but If you want to keep in business, you will need to hire qualified and more staff. Super disappointing experience.
The drinks at this place are reasonably priced without happy hour!  Well drinks are just 4 and guineas 22 ounce for 5. The bartenders are attentive and friendly. My husband ordered the blarny burger and he loved it. It was cooked perfectly.  I ordered fish and chips and I didnt love it. The fish was kind of bland and the cole slaw too. But...I will be back for the drinks!!
This was a descent place when it was open. It didn't even last one year. I blame the owner. The food was really good, the servers were eager to help you, sometimes too eager since I never saw more than 1 other customer there in their early days. I think the most I have ever seen was five tables being served in the dining room.

Hence the problem. The owner acted like a stubborn ass, and would not do any advertising. He did not take any advice from local patrons or his employees. He did not seem to try and reach out to the community. He would also talk customers' ears off while they ate and would berate his employees publicly. This area of town is already struggling to lift itself out of the recession, and we could tell this guy's business was doomed from the start.

It's too bad. it was a nice place with great food. Now it is another abandoned building adding to the already existing blight in this part of Mesa. I feel bad for the employees. They deserved better.