I love innovative food. I hate mindnumbing bar food. So I was delighted to find this little tucked away Israeli restaurant in the middle of Summerlin.

The place would be really cute except they've got some of the harshest, most glaring lights ever seen in a restaurant. That might be okay for lunch, but I was there for dinner. (Hey owners! Ever hear of a dimmer switch?!)

First highlight was the bread! It's all homemade and warm and lovely. We also split an order of "Greekplant" which were thin slices of eggplant wrapped around cheese and pesto with these grilled sweet potatoes that were delightful.

For my main course, I ordered the Halumi salad which comes with Mushroom, red bell peppers, scallions, spinach and cherry tomatoes over baby mixed greens all sauteed in light soy and dijon. topped with halumi cheese (deep fried). But they were out of halumi cheese and promised it would be wonderful with feta. I loved the first many bites but somehow as I continued to eat, the taste became cloying. I could enjoy this is a half portion with a sandwich, but I wouldn't order it as a main course again. Also, at $13.99, even though the portion was large, it seemed expensive for what it was.

My date has the Tuna salad - Fresh mix greens topped with corn, cherry tomatoes, avocado, onions egg and our home made albacore white tuna. It was an unusual pink color...not sure why. It was very decent, but not something I'd go out of my way to eat again.

Overall, if you're tired of the same old bar food, give Panini Cafe a try. I'd like to go back and explore the menu a bit further.
Delicious - the only thing keep me from giving it 5 stars is that that prices are a bit high and the dining atmosphere is pretty bad.

The food is all homemade and FRESH.  Great bread, salads, and grilled vegetables.   I love their tomato sauces and salad dressings.  If you are willing to overlook how there isn't meat - you will not be disappointed with the food.  The restaurant seems a bit more lively at lunch, it is pretty empty at dinner time.

This restaurant is closed during the Sabbath and Jewish holidays - I would always double check before I head down there.
This place is a serious find.  Other reviewer is right.  Dining environs are very basic, but it feels so much like it's in Israel (except no sea view and open air) that I let that go.

Service is delightful and great israeli tunes playing.

We had two wraps, medit and the salmon avocado.  Both were amazing, and both were served warm, which was a great surprise.

My brother (who is in vegas visiting our mom with me) asked "what possessed you to go there."  And I said that in a town of booze and binges, you always know kosher restaurants deliver fresh and great ingredients.  More than true here, and also true that kosher standards carry higher prices.

Don't come for a great bargain, but the sandwiches are splendid and it's a cool place to hang out even if not the most elegant spot on earth. After the overkill of the Vegas landmarks, this place is a calm, tasty respite.
Amidst the chaos, rubbish, and wonderment of Las Vegas, lies a quaint, friendly, and truly awesome Cafe. 

The food here is excellent. Room For Improvements: Service

The food was fantastic. You can taste the freshness of its ingredients with every bite. I ordered the Malawach Pizza. I relished in its ambrosial smells and tastes, and it left me craving more. It is a perfect hangover food, and is exactly what I needed early in the morning, before the big drive back to Los Angeles.  

Another great aspect to this place is its commitment to vegetarian and kosher dishes. This is perhaps the reason why certain options on the menu are not available at a given time. Due to their commitment to freshness, quality and kosher foods, they will not serve the food unless it is without a doubt fresh. With no compromises. 

This place is certainty a well needed breathe of fresh air in the arena of healthy and quality restaurants. Their prices are reasonable, their dishes are delectable, their Israeli music is bumping, and their hospitality will always be engraved in my mind the next time I venture out to Las Vegas.
I was hesitant at fist. I stopped by and there was no one inside.
But never judge a book by its cover as they say...
I did not regret my choice of getting the salmon avocado wrap. It came with wonderfully delish cole slaw and thick cut potato fries. Scrumptuous from beginning to the end.
Left me wanting more.
Alas, this place is under new ownership. Food is similar, though some great israeli items went missing.  Still good quality.  Bizarre change, though is the prices. They make absolutely no sense.

I'm always prepared to pay more for kosher than not, that's fine, but it's most relevant where protein/meat/fish are concerned.  I can't comprehend any universe where a veggie wrap with goat cheese is $14.99 for lunch.  They tossed the old hummos wrap and now it's just a hummos/tilapia wrap ($17.99).  Bagel sandwiches are new, and they are about 25% cheaper than the wraps.  What sense can this possibly make.

Oh, Panini cafe, people will NOT come to lunch for a $15 sandwich in a place that looks like a very basic sandwich/take out joint.  

Come back to earth.  Find your footing.  Menu is apparently only 3 wks old. Our waiter (without prompting from us) apologized for the prices.

Create a lunch menu.  Make it rational.
very vegetarian friendly, a little less for vegans. Awesome customer service! Super nice! The food is ok i guess, a little pricey for what you get (a small side of fries is $6!). The ravioli is a little too al dente for my liking but their hummus is the best i have ever had & they have an awesome drink called orangnana (sp.?). Bottom line is this: I will definitely return because of the great customer service and the vegetarian friendly menu, but i won't go too hungry, i consider this to be one of my lighter dining options.
I recently went to Panini Cafe for the first time after learning that it was kosher and vegetarian-friendly.  As far as I could tell, the menu was entirely pescatarian (or pesco vegetarian) -- meaning the only meat options on the menu were fish.  This is exactly the diet I've been enjoying for the past few months.  The fish on the menu included salmon, tuna, tilapia, and others.  

My friend and I started with an appetizer of hummus and warm fresh pita bread.  Our hummus included sauteed onions, pine nuts, and olive oil.  It was delicious and we devoured it all.

As a main course, I got the Ravioli Athens, which is ravioli tossed with garlic and basil and topped with feta cheese and kalamata olives.  At $16.99, It was a bit more than I wanted to pay, but it sounded so good I couldn't resist.  And I was not disappointed.  I loved the flavors, and I appreciated the fact that it was kosher.  I also refrained from eating the whole plate, so that I took about half of it home and enjoyed it for another meal later. 

My friend, who ordered the roasted Creamy Eggplant (which came with a house salad), was also pleased with her meal.  

We had no problems with the service.

I would definitely like to return and try some other dishes on the menu.
I've past by this place countless times wondering if it was open. So glad I finally went in. The sweet potato sandwich is sooo good......
Been here twice now, and both times the service and the food were amazing.  The restaurant has been making the rounds on Groupon, LivingSocial, and the other clones, as well as on restaurant.com, so you'll never pay full price for a meal here.  The servers are very friendly and have been nice enough to bring some water for our dog, which they allow on their patio.  The tuna crustini is amazing and as I am typing this, I wish I had another serving.  My girlfriend and I have tried a few dishes and have loved everything we've ordered.  A+ Panini Cafe!
The food here was amazing, went for a lunch on a Friday and had a tuna bagel sandwich and some hummus with onion and pine nut. I also had a lemonade/mint smoothie/iced thing that was refreshing and different. My wife had a delicious panini with mushrooms that was even better than mine. So the food was great, why the three star review you say? 

Here's why I give Panini cafe two stars: I have never felt so uncomfortable in a casual restaurant before. Our server seemed annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted right away. There is also a language barrier with the staff that no one else in the cafe seemed to have a problem with because we were the only non-Israeli or European customers there. 

The service level went down from there. Our food was slow to come out which is amazing to me because when we arrived, there were only two other tables occupied and we ordered sandwiches!

Finally, while we were there two or three large parties showed up and we were kind of forgotten about. I had to ask twice to get our food boxed up and settle our bill.
Awesome kosher Israeli dairy meals, featuring an inventive menu and large portions that will fill you up, and breakfast is served all day. Even in Los Angeles which ranks as the kosher restaurant capital of America, there is nothing similar to Panini.

The closest rival might be Pico Cafe, but Panini is even better both in terms of food and atmosphere. Panini even offers free ample parking in a spacious parking lot. You would need to go to Golan in North Hollywood to find a kosher restaurant that offers more parking.
The food is wonderful!  The portions are good and there is great variety.  Service has always been good.
A friend and I stopped here after purchasing a $30 deal from Living Social. We won't be coming back. The guy had attitude with us from the beginning. We were going to order some spinach ravioli, they were out of spinach, no big deal. But when we said we needed a minute with the menu to pick something else, he ROLLED his eyes and walked away annoyed. 
Whatever, we brushed it off. We ate the eggplant appetizer and hummus, they were good, and then ordered some chocochinos which were tasty. Our bill came to $22, the value of our coupon was $30.  The guy came to our table and told us we has to use the full value. We didn't want anything else. We told him to just charge something and be done, we thought it was pointless and silly to order food that we weren't going to eat. Then we ran into a snafu because he couldn't find the name on his paperwork. He took my friend's phone back to the kitchen with him to figure it out. It took him like 10 minutes shuffling through his paperwork. My friend had to track him down to get her phone back, and he started telling her if he can't find her name that we will have to pay the bill anyways, but his tone was hostile and argumentative. Totally inappropriate. 
The young lady that was our server was great. She was sweet, apologized for his rudeness over and over, and we tipped her $10 and left. We won't be coming back.
Let's get this out of the way right now: This is a Kosher place and not TGI Fridays.

So don't expect the same type of service. If you've traveled the world, you'll be ok. 

Don't expect fast, over-friendly service and all the bells and whistles. 
1) Don't go there for atmosphere - It is in an non descriptive 3 stores "neighborhood mall".
2) Don't go there if bad grammar and misspellings offend you - The menu and signs are riddled with "foreigners" version of American English.
3) Don't go there if you're in a hurry.

Now, that we put all of this behind us...
The food is outstanding. This is (what I assume) a great Kosher place, from their menu and the fact that it is always filled with Israelis. The menu will be limited with the types of food you get (Kosher, hello?). Don't expect a regular cheeseburger (It's a no-no)... but expect a delicious fish burger. Did I say that the food is great?
The menu has extended over the years and I have yet to eat anything bad there.
The portions are very generous and, truly everything is just tasty!

As for the service? Effective. It is a small place with 1 to 2 Israeli waitresses at the most and this place can get crowded. They won't bring you the check unless you ask for it (Typically what happens in restaurants in the rest of the world). They won't rush you and they won't be fake. They will be friendly, but won't be your best friend. Don't go there for therapy, go there for great food and to take your time without someone asking you every 5 minutes, if your food is ok.

Reminder: Closes Friday at Sundown and all day Saturdays.
get the mushroom appetizer i forget the name
but its stuffed with cheese and pesto sauce staff is courteous and prices are cheap.
The service sucks big time... we had to wait 20 mins for someone to take our order... we ask for water to start with and the glasses smell like fish... nasty... they kept bringin the wrong stuff... everyones food on the table came except mine... they messed up my order... seriously?? the place was a nightmare... food wasnt even that good... after the long wait for my food.. the guy said my food was complimentary... of course not... got charge... i had to reming the guy 3 times abt the ice coffee order which tasted like milk... no coffee... sucks sucks sucks... never go there
The Minty drink. They don't even correct me when I say it. I definitely recommend giving it a try.
Whatever. I love Panini Cafe's Tomato/Avocado/Feta Sandwich. Its so basic, however the bread, freshness, and side salad really are a big hit for me. It is a bit expensive for a sandwich, so I probably visit Panini Cafe 50% less than I would have if the prices were lower. Its my 2-Month Treatyoself.
Quiet little cafe with amazing food. Had the portabello sandwich which came with a nice salad. It would be a little pricey, but it was enough for two. The mint lemonade drink is delicious! I'd go back for just that alone! Service was great, attentive, but not overbearing.
I havent even got the chance to eat here. They do not keep normal business hours and do not stay open the hours that are on their door. Its really weird and has been closed mid day during random times at least 3 times. 

I will eat here at some point but for now, I can just say im frustrated with their inability to operate under set hours.
I'm in love with Panini... wish we had one in LA. The food is AMAZING.  Our server was really nice too.  The menu is enormous, but every time I've gone I have loved my dish.  The only negative... theyre closed on saturday nights... Come on Vegas... you really need to work on having something kosher open on a saturday night!!!!!!!!!!!!
I often end up here...but not by choice.  Kosher-eating family + limited Las Vegas kosher restaurants = many, many Panini Cafe visits.  It seems like every restaurant in Las Vegas serves meat, shellfish and bald eagle (kosher joke, ha ha?).

The menu is dairy kosher (meaning they serve dairy but no meat) and focuses on mostly Israeli-style cuisine with some pasta and sandwiches thrown in for good measure. I generally order the Creamy Eggplant (roasted eggplant with marinara and cheese), hummus (soo good) or the Nicoise salad (okkayyy).  They also serve fish if you're lookin' for some protein.

Overall, the food is decent and healthy but, I wouldn't come here if it wasn't Kosher.

Please note that if you wear a red halter top to this restaurant you're going to get some HARD and COLD stares.  It caters to the Orthodox of Summerlin.  

They are also closed from Friday evening and all day Saturday.
No bread
No meal
No water
Potatoes when asked for none
Rude
Literally ordered food and never received it.  Everyone else in my party did, but I was somehow forgotten.  When I inquired on the whereabouts of my food, the server actually ignored me...twice.  THen, they charged me for the entree I never received.  Unbelievable.  NEVER going back.
This restaurant is worthy of many more than 5 stars!! My husband and i were staying in Las Vegas We finally looked on yelp and saw how crazy everyone one was going for this restaurant so we gave it a shot. The restaurant was so clean and welcoming we felt instantly at home. The service was great food was out within 10 minutes.  Can't say enough about the food WOW! He had a  Fish shawarma wrap which was just perfect.I had the Salmonini and salad AHMAZZZING! The salad could have not been more perfect all in all it was such a great night. What we really loved about this restaurant is that it wasn't just observant Jews eating there it catered to everyone. This is a not to be missed restaurant for Breakfast lunch or dinner. You are paying for quality and that is definitely what you are getting.
I love the pizza.  
Onion and pepper pizza from here is absolutely delicious. 

Reason for only 4 stars is thwy dont know how to take directions. There is always something missing. Which is bad when its $20 for 1 pizza.
Twice ive ordered a pepper and onion pizza and twice its come with only peppers. Or ive ordered lite sauce and its extra saucy.

The actual inside of the restaurant has a very elegant but simple decor. Usually empty when I go.
staff was incredibly nice. food is so amazingly good. the best dish we had was by far the stuffed mushrooms. we could not get enough of those. if the chef is reading this, i MUST have the recipe. i keep trying to remake them but i haven't a clue how...
the waitress suggested lemonana (green drink) and although i was skeptic at first, i'm so glad i tried it!! i wanted to go back JUST to get that drink (and of course for the mushrooms). pasta was great, eggplant ok. it's a local place so we chatted up a couple and sat there for over 2 hours! such a pleasant atmosphere.
One of the major highlights of my trip to Las Vegas is always going to eat at Panini! We eat there two to three times each trip, and I wish they had a place this yummy in Los Angeles! The french onion soup is delicious. I also love the ravioli. They have a great Israeli breakfast, too. The atmosphere is cute, and it's always an enjoyable experience. Highly recommended!
The shakshuka was off the hook! Great place, friendly staff, nice atmosphere. We enjoyed it very much. The best dairy kosher restaurant in Vegas!
ARE YOU SERIOUS!? Growing up in Israel i know israeli food and these guys are liars if they say they know what israeli food even is! The service here sucks! As soon as inwalked it it took 10 minutes for someone to notice me! I order the malawach... Theyre out! I order a pizza... Apparently no more cheese... I order an omelet and it takes 15 minutes?
Bad service. Bad attitudes from the owner that approached us after too apoligies but ended up yelling at us... DONT GO HERE
Delicious Delicious Delicious...wanted some of everything on the menu!!!!
Hungry for some good Corned Beef, I whipped in here today for lunch.  This is a smallish place, not fancy but comfortable, & I didn't see a lunch combination special on the menu, so I asked for one anyway, & here's what I ended up with:

A nice bowl (not cup!) of Chicken & Matzah Ball Soup (their spelling) to start things off, & it was delicious!  Then there was my 1/2 Hot Corned Beef on Rye sandwich, neither piled up sky high nor skimpy, but in between, & on plain bread with a bottle of mustard there on the table to add your own.  There was also a small cup overflowing with fresh cole slaw, a tasty Kosher pickle spear, & a slice of cantaloupe.

The Corned Beef was lean, tender, & tasty.  Everything else was good too, & it all added up to a nice lunch for the price, $7.95.  My only concern is that I'm not sure I could have ordered anything different from the menu & still kept the cost down.  With that said, I'll go again & hopefully see you there!  ... but not on a Saturday when they're closed.    :-))
Don't let looks deceive you. You walk into a small kosher grocery, and in the back is hidden a small, casual restaurant. Their Chinese food is AMAZING! For vegetarians, the Volcano tofu is awesome! I also love a chicken dish with onions in a dark garlic sauce, but don't remember the name of the dish. The chicken meat used in the dishes is moist, tender, and non-fatty. I have been to many restaurants in China, and I like Segal's Chinese food better! :o) The prices are excellent considering the meat is kosher. Great restaurant for non-Jews to try as well; the food tastes better than other non-kosher Chinese restaurants in phoenix.
Great restaurant in a strange location.  Really good fried fish, and really good burgers.  Nice store too.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. At Segals, the customer is always wrong. The management and staff are the rudest people I've ever met.
Want some completely wonderful vegan vittles?  At Segal's Oasis Grill you will find fresh home baked bread and pastries, as well as some of the freshest most wonderful comfort food available out there - and it's all kosher!  The restaurant is situated behind the kosher grocery. The food is simply wonderful!  This is the first time I have eaten at Segal's but I can assure you it will not be the last. For appetizers, we had crispy tofu and spicy sauce, veggie eggrolls (massive and a little greasy but so very good and perfectly crispy!), and the freshly made onion rings. The onion rings come in a very generous portion and they are thick and just excellent!  For entrées one of us had a pastrami on rye with curly fries and mustard. Even the mustard was different and just plain good!  My sister ordered sesame chicken over steamed rice and commented on how wonderful the meat was, being really moist and tender. Mom had a bowl of egg drop soup. I am a vegan and so ordered the eggplant and tofu. The eggplant was some of the best prepared I have ever had. So good! The menu has something for everyone - really. The price is very reasonable for the quality of the meal. I highly recommend that vegans make their way to this hidden gem and enjoy!
It's not very often that you can find a friendly Israeli owned and operated kosher restaurant. I've found in my travels that Israeli owned restaurant are unfriendly and usually have bad service. No idea how it happened, but Yafo has good food, really good service and the folks running the place and extremely nice. 

We were in Vegas for shabbos and went there twice. We had pizza, fish, french fries and falafel. The only item not up to par was in fact the falafel. It was dry and crumbly, the pizza is of the doughy consistency, but it has a lot of flavor. The fries are the frozen shoestring kind (pretty much everyone uses frozen fries) On Saturday night we got the veggie supreme pizza, which had feta, olives, artichoke, eggplant and pesto...it was real good.
EXPENSIVE!

Do you remember going to an amusement park as a kid and having a great time but then afterward you look at your bank statement and realized you spent an exorbitant amount of money on food. Thats Yafo in Vegas! It is in a great location right next to encore, however they feel that due to the location and lack of kosher restaurants around they can charge whatever they want, $17.50 for a medium pie which is equivalent to around 2 1/2 slices is steep!!

Food was solid but nothing to write home about and nothing I would go out of my way for. I had the cesar salad, 2 different types of pizza and the fish burger, all were eh.
went there with my wife  after 45 minutes we finally left.  They brought my food and then 15 minutes later I went to the kitchen to see where my wifes food was.  They were just starting it.  I brought back mine and told it was cold and asked them to remake it so it is hot when my wifes food was ready.  they brought mine back out in a new plate and it was the same I brought back to them.  
Would never go back there.
When the restaurant first opened up in 2012, it was the model of fresh food and fast customer service. Living in Las Vegas, quality Mediterranean Kosher food is hard to find. I was happy to have found a good place to eat out.

Fast forward to January 2013. Unfortunately, I had to wait 45 minutes to get my small pizza pie and was told that my falafel plate order was not put in because the waitress did not know it was ordered ( even though she reviewed our order twice to us). The place wasn't even packed with customers.  When the pizza was finally served, the dough was still raw and not well baked. I left the eatery disappointed and shocked that this place has fallen so quickly.

Perhaps that day was not my lucky day at Yafo but glancing around I knew people waited a long time for their orders as well. 

I do not plan on coming back to Yafo, but I sure hope they start realizing they can do much better before they lose all their customers.
The good: A kosher restaurant on the strip next door to the Encore that is open late and is open on Saturday night.

The so-so: It's a dairy restaurant and most of the food is premade and kept in the fridge. Even the slices of pizza you order come from their fridge. The quality of their food is below average.

The bad: I hate there 3 times in the past 10 days and every time I got sick. I tried their personal pizza (dough was super thick and raw), the pasta marinara (pasta and sauce from the fridge, heavy on garlic) and falafel (just nasty).

The very bad: The waitress was nice, but  she was being bullied and yelled at by the owner.

Bottom line: Good location, but horrible experience. In my opinion, stay away!
It's finally possible to enjoy a Kosher dairy lunch or dinner in Las Vegas!

Located right behind the Las Vegas Convention Center makes it extremely convenient for business travelers.

Between the few times I was here I had; Fettuccine Alfredo, Baked Ziti, Pizza and a tuna wrap to go. All were really delicious.

Service was great too.
Restaurant is Closed Closed Closed
Yafo is officially closed for business.
Open only two weeks, Kosher Gourmet offers Kosher Mediterranean cuisine. Traditional appetizers, sandwiches, and dishes such as falafel, shawarma, kabobs,  as well as some Kosher dishes such as Matzo ball soup and Schnitzel. Pitas are baked fresh. They make an awesome falafel sandwich. Prices are very good. Service is interesting, with a lot of shouting between the Israeli  owners, making for an authentic middle eastern experience. A great find in Las Vegas!'  Shalom!
Avoid this place. The good was par for the course. We had a shwarma sandwich and BBQ chicken. The chef flipped out on us about whether we wanted fries. The menu clearly says that all sandwiches are served with fries, but the cook thought differently. He actually came out from the kitchen, raised his voice, and asked us directly if we "requested" fries. It was very rude and abrasive. I will not be back.
great place with amazing kosher food and the best pitta bread ever... 
love eating there ... flavor ,service and great prices  .....
This place does not exist anymore. Wish they had taken the time to close their listing.