Ken's is a very wisconsin-y joint that feels like the northwoods, not the suburbs of Madison.  

The place is a butcher+bakery mated with a quickie mart and offers a concise lesson of wisconsin food products.  They carry (just about) every flavor of babcock ice cream, fresh curds, fresh baked berry pies, famous daves bbq sauce, ....  They also have a very-loaded meat counter with their own (amazing) Sheboygan Brats and cheesewursts.    Meat prices are very reasonable.

I stumbled in one day looking for ham. I left with ham, and brats, and berry pie, and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all.
If you love steak, you'll love Ken's.  I take that back.  If you love meat PERIOD, you'll love Ken's.  They have the best steaks ever, and the chicken breasts are huge.  Their brats are really good, as are the rubbed pork grillers.
They have a variety of other picnic staples like potato salads and macaroni salads and some produce.  Then, add to all that, they have a convenience store attached so you can buy some pop or beer or whatever.

My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better.
Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day, stopped there to see if they have anything quick to eat. Fresh sandwiches were great....made the way we wanted. The place was clean and very friendly. Too bad,found it after I no longer live on that side of town.
Friendly local market with a fantastic selection of fresh meat, salads, and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies, very good.
Burgundy Pepper Steak. Get one of these and you will understand why 5 stars isn't nearly enough! So good!
Overall I was unimpressed.   Nothing really that exciting here.   I am looking elsewhere.  
For those who are concerned about where their meat comes from you should be aware that their chicken is inexpensive but it is from Gold n Plump and Purdue.   I don't know where their beef is from.
The shop is nice but much smaller than I expected.  About half being a regular convenience store.   The meats are nicely displayed and they are well staffed.
Ken's is great. We rarely have ever got bad meat here - and we've been to Ken's at least once a week for almost 15 years. 

Virtually all the steaks are great. People really like the Burgundy Pepper Steaks. The Rib Eyes and NY Strips are my favorites. 

The Sheboygan brats are fabulous. The ribs are great too - nice and meaty. When my family does burgers we always get their sirloin burgers. Really tasty.

The staff is often younger people - but they are very nice and well trained. 

The only downside would be is that it's pretty expensive - especially the non-meat products. I only get the non-meat things if I really need something and want to save a trip to the regular grocery store (but this is typical of mini-mart type places).

Beware - on nice days they will go through some things early. Don't wait until the last minute. 

They do let you call and make orders, which is nice if you want to guarantee something will be in.

A wonderful place. Highly recommend.
good food but am confused why only sell hot food until 2pm. nice location.
Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products, but the staff are friendly and they have a good variety of products. It is easy in and out, which makes it worth the stop.
They really deserve a 2.49 so I rounded down.  If you're not concerned with a local business buying from UW Provisions instead of local farmers, I will admit Ken's is very popular and they keep a nice fresh case of meat albeit with limited selection. However, I'd be a little frightened to see one of the chickens from whence came their boneless breasts.  One half weighs three quarters of a pound, which worries me a little. 

Look, I buy from them, I wish they'd become an actual BUTCHER SHOP vs a MEAT MARKET, and while the high school kids who work there are nice, they're not going to butterfly a whole chicken for you so hope one of the managers or the owner is there, or answer a question about just how long that cut of steak should live over coals.  And I admit my biggest pet complaint is that I have requested some kind of ground poultry (eg turkey) be carried fresh.  I don't think that's unreasonable in 2013.  The owner responded to my request with a simple "no."  

Ok.  I still shop there for some things, so clearly it's not a deal-breaker.  Not my shop, but I would bet heavily that a freshly ground turkey or chicken would move.  Just saying.

I'll end on a high note.  They have great steaks, great beef and pork all around,  Try a pork griller over live goals, indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific, too.  And the chuck makes a damn fine burger.  Oh, bonus, they carry a tempting selection of sweet treats, including chocolates, bakery, etc.
They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese, but whatever.  Their Chicken Salad and assorted potato salads are awesome...always fresh, always great.  Other than the deli/meat sections, its a typical small convenience store with higher than needed prices.  Go there for the meats and deli items, buy your other items elsewhere.
I stopped here after a friend recommended the place for steaks. Impressive selection! There were several cuts that are pre-marinated. The prices were extremely cheap compared to other places such as Metcalfs.

To compare, I spent almost $60 on steaks for 6 people and bought the same amount of meat here at Ken's for $20...and they were marinated. I tried the burgandy peppercorn steaks...WOW!! These guys melt in your mouth!

Usually leftovers steaks are tough but after several days in the fridge, the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!
Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either.
The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.
We moved into our Monona neighborhood over a year ago and ever since that day, Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads, pickled veggies, pies, wine, and other need-to-haves so you don't have to waste time running to large grocery stores for last-minute items.  New to Ken's?  Try one of their delicious pinwheels, or my favorite--burgundy and black pepper steak.
Yes, you should order meat from here. It looks kinda sketchy in a neighborhood that's not for nighttime, but those are really good sausages and meats! 

Yes, you should eat the pieroggies! Sometimes they are not all the way cooked through from frozen though. I take half a star away from them for that. Get some cheese and some beef jerky  for home and pick up some chocolate bars over in the corner on the shelves. They have some with mousse like fillings. Explore the shelves for more interesting Polish treats. You can't argue that it's not authentic.

I give this place five stars for the quality of their meats, but they lose half a star becuase one of the ladies seems so grumpy as if I am imposing on them for wanting to buy stuff, but I bet if I knew Polish she'd be sweet as a grandma.  They lose half a star for not fully cooking the pieroggies twice now, but I love Stanley's anyway. 

Cooked in Bacon, they are so bad for you but so yummy in the tummy. 

They close sometimes before the close sign, so come before 5pm just in case. Nothing is sadder than looking forward to a nice brat and it's closed. Very small parking spot, but worth it when I'm in the neighborhood.
DELICIOUS! The sandwiches are really good and the meat is top quality. It's also nice grabbing an exotic item from the shelf for dessert.
Loves me some Stanley's!  I've been going to Stanley's for years and years and thank goodness some things never change.  I don't have any friends who have eaten Stanley's subs and don't love them (if they didn't I'd probably end the friendship.)

I love the ladies behind the counter who spent plenty of time in the old-country, love the meat hanging everywhere, love the imported grocery items - even love the small...everything (parking lot, building, tables, etc.)

Quality meat means great sandwiches!  We swear that they put an addictive chemical on it that makes you crave it fortnightly.

Even if you know of Stanley's for their sandwiches - do yourself a favor sometime and order a plate of pierogies (they'll even heat them up for you if you ask).  They're dynamite.
I made an airport drop in the morning and had much of the day to kill, so I was just driving around and randomly stumbled upon this place.
I've always thought that I should have been born into a Polish family, or was perhaps Polish in another life, because there are only a few types of international cuisine styles that I enjoy more than that of Poland.
I had been looking for a place in the Southwest with decent Polish food, particularly pierogis. There is a place in Tucson, but it's relatively expensive and inconvenient for me, so I don't go there much. When I walked in, there was a woman in the back who just looked at me and, without standing up, asked me what I wanted. Before I even saw the pierogis on the menu, I looked at what she was doing, and realized that she was rolling some fresh ones. YUM!
I've been to a lot of Polish delis and they usually let you get a half dozen. Here, I had to get a dozen, and there are different pricing levels (usually $1) for cooked versus frozen pierogis. But, at about $8 for a meat-less dozen, they definitely run higher than what you would find back east, although you're also several thousand miles from most of those places.
I ordered the cooked ones, since I intended on eating them soon, and was told that I would have to wait, so I got a New Times and took a seat. This was not the warmest service, but I also tend to expect that from Eastern European restaurants and delis (not a stereotype, just from experience).
The store doubles as a market. They sell Polish and Eastern European food products, in addition to sausages and other deli items. They'll also make sandwiches. It was relatively quiet and there were a couple of tables. It was a small place, but actually very comfortable to sit in, although this was still early (before 11am).
About fifteen minutes later, a different woman (much more pleasant) emerged from the back and handed over a styrofoam box with a plastic fork sticking out of it.
The pierogis I got were cooked in bacon fat and had bacon on top. So, if you're a vegetarian, and were expecting no meat in the meatless pierogis, I guess you have to specify that to them beforehand. They were a bit more oniony and greasy than I would have liked, and lacked some of the more intricate and subtle flavors that I've gotten at other places. But these were definitely real-deal pierogis and that, alone, I really liked.
I'll definitely be back. I can never get enough Polish food, and I'd like to try their sandwiches and sausages. If you like Polish food and, like me, are stuck craving it in Arizona, then you could certainly do a whole lot worse.
The homemade fresh polish sausage is definitely 5 star but the customer service is a little harsh.  It reminds me a little of the "cheeseburgah" spot on the early SNL. 

But back to the sausage...I had a brat and provalone hot sub--super yummy ($5.75) and got a link of fresh polish sausage ($4.75/lb.) to take home and enjoy later. While I was at the counter someone came in from the European Cafe to pick up a deli order so I guess Stanley's supplies at least 1 restaurant also. Try it...You'll like it!
Stanley's, yum!!!!.  When I got married many many years ago, Stanley's catered food for my reception.  There were sausages, stuffed cabbage, sauerkraut, pierogies.  OMG!  My Hungarian grandmother would have been very pleased.  I just wish she could have been there.  Anyway, just wanted to say that everyone raved about the food and we had lots of leftovers, ordered extra on purpose.  Since grandma was no longer with us, she did all the amazing cooking of these wonderful foods, we savored each and every bite.
The service truly is horrendous.  Clearly, these ladies are a product of communist Poland and haven't lost their edge!
But it's part of the experience!

I honestly don't know how to rate this place.  The products are good.  But you're not always allowed to buy them.  (I tried to buy three loaves of bread once, and was lectured that I shouldn't take so many.)
The service, as I mentioned, is awful awful awful.  But, for me, it's somewhat nostalgic (I grew up in a Poland back in the day, so it brings back memories).

I do wish there were more options in the valley, but this is by far the closest, so I'll keep going back.  Sigh.

I just changed my rating from two to three stars.  The place smells good.  I'll give it an extra star.  What the heck.
There is so much goodness in this place I don't even know where to begin. I've been going here ever since i was a little girl, A few times a month my mom or grandma would stop in and get the smoked butt, perogi's, polish sausage, blood sausage, bratwurst,  hot italian sausage, liverwurst, bacon, or whatever was recommended to us at the time by the ladies behind the counter.  

I have to admit as a child I was pretty unnerved by the ladies behind the counter but after 25+ years of going here, they are very sweet and wonderful ladies. Many times I have asked for suggestions and the have always came through for me. On my last trip I told them I am having a BBQ this weekend and what smoked sausage would go best as a snack.  Their question "are you serving beer?", and yes I was! The next question "you like spicy?" and yes i do.  She went over to the side wall and pulled two giant red links off the rack and said with a smile "This...will be good." (when I got home I tried a little and It was good!)

I can see where people can say the ladies behind the counter are intimidating but they really are wonderful.  I have stopped in for a sandwich a time or two in the afternoon and had great conversations with them when I was the only one in the store and it was slow.  They have even offered me a tour once.

This is a place ran by hard working immigrants that have an amazing product. Every time I am in the area a make a point of stopping in and getting the smoked butt (the "butt" is actually the shoulder cut on a pig bot the actual butt). Its excellent sliced thin on a sandwich.

You don't find sausage shops like this anymore.  My grandma grew up in Wisconsin and she said this place reminded her of the polish deli's she went to back in the 50's.  Authentic and yummy.
The thing I saw another reviewer hate aobut this place I love, which is you walk in the door and it feels like you have entered into Eastern Europe. The backwall is lined with all sorts of smoked pork products, from chunks of smoked bacon, to ham, to what seems like a never ending display of different types of sausages and yes, the women providing the service are not all that smiley but come on, you get an authentic experience with people you know their smoked meats, and boy are those good!

I picked up a chunk of smoked bacan that they slice for you and the smoked pork butt is just wow! I went home and chopped some up and sauteed it with some sliced fennel bulb and lentils and it was like wow, so good, both smoky and salty. I also picked up some sort of dried sausage stick and though it is bad for you, it is so good - a great addition to a nice glass of red wine, some cheese, and some good french bread.

By the way, if you live in Tempe and go to the farmer's market on Saturday morning it is on your way home, just take 7th street to McDowell and take a right and it is right around 21st Street and McDowell.

So, when you go in the store and the Eastern European women don't smile at you just remember, you walk in that store and you are in their culture, not yours, so enjoy the experience and buy some sausage! :-)
I was able to try out this place for the first time last Saturday. You walk in and you are a bit lost at first because you have so many choices as far as meats to choose from and what you can order. Hanging on the walls are a bunch of different kinds of cured meats that all look delicious but I didn't order any of those this time. My dad and I both ordered a polish sausage meal. His was the fresh polish and mine was the smoked polish sausage. They were both really good and we garnished with fresh sauerkraut. The sandwich was amazing! As I write this I am wishing I had time to go back today to try something different. I also plan on ordering some cured meats of some sort as well. A summer sausage or something spicy and tube shaped.
Pretty cool little placed nestled in a crappy part of town.  There's a small seating area inside, with a traditional deli counter along the back wall.  Along the sides are huge shelves stocked with numerous imported products of Eastern European origin.

There are about a million types of fresh sausage and cuts of meat hanging up behind the counter, and various meats and cheeses on display.  I can't speak to the prices, as I've never really purchased deli meats in this fashion before.  The prices seemed a little higher than your typical grocery store, but the selection looked fresher than anything I've seen at say, Wal-Mart.

They've also got a pretty extensive menu of sandwiches and hot dogs that you can order prepared fresh.  I got a roast beef sandwich for around six dollars that I had a hard time finishing.  A few of the staff members seemed less than friendly, but I can excuse that when the food is good and the service is quick.  Definitely a good place to stop by if you're in the area.
Yes, I'd say A-OK for Stanley's.  Their sausages range from okay (kabanosy) to quite good (spicy kolbasz) but I'd agree that they're a bit on the pricy side.  
I usually patronize their Bell Rd. location as it's closer to my house, but I ate lunch here a few weeks ago since I was in the 'hood.  It was right before Christmas and the place was JAM packed with everyone getting their holiday goodies.  The kielbasa sandwich was fine, they also have subs and other cold cut type sandwiches.
Though they don't really hold a candle to some of the awesome Polish deli's back in Chicago, it's probably about the best you'll find out here in Phoenix.
Old Skool European at it's best! . .  Sausages hanging behind the counter to dry and age and the smell of the place made me want to lick the walls! 

The ladies behind the counter are a testimonial to how authentic Stanley's Homemade Sausage is completely the real deal! 
There are many european grocery items avalable to purchase as well. 

The sandwiches are yummy and fresh on bread that seams as if it just came out of the oven. (Even though I don't think they bake anything there) 
The Meat is what it's all about ! 

Reminds me of Parma the Polish area in Cleveland and the Polish American Festivals . . . without the crowds!
I love love love their meat! They must sprinkle it with crack or something cus those sandwiches are addicting lol
Almost seems a waste of time to review this place.  If you're not already a fan, my 5 star isn't going to change your mind.

But Wow!  Our two friends said the best brats (#8) they ever ate.  And our smoked sausage sandwichs (#18 & 20) were fabulous.

Sorry, guys, the lady who took our order (on a Saturday noon) was reasonably happy and the gal delivering from the kitchen was very smiley and friendly.  Must have been our Irish charm.  So next time you go, don't pretend to be Polish, tell 'em you're Irish!
Smells great, feels very old-world when you walk.  The lady behind the counter was so calm and unruffled as the place steadily filled up while my Mother placed her order for a month's worth of meat! 

 Asked her to recommend a sausage to go with cheese/crackers -Krakaw is a about the size of my thumb and so flavorful and rich tasting - yummy.   I chose the Polish sausage and Hungarian sausage to take home for Master Griller to have his way with them - will have to update my review after the big event!

They offer homemade sandwiches there too - we got something loaded with a variety of lunchmeats on this soft, almost "roll" bread.  Reasonably priced and so fresh n tasty.  However, when I made a smart crack about "what kind of knucklehead would order the Vegetarian Sub that was on the menu" I couldn't even get a little snicker out of the counter lady, she is old school & old world.  I LOVE IT! 

 Go there, check out the website First so you know what you might want to order, counter lady don't play and she don't mark those items all wrapped up in white paper so pay attention and do it when you get home! 

Support Your Local Businesses or you will be left in a corporate clone world!
I love finding places like this. What a gem in a great part of town. Picked up a couple of subs to go (European and and a Roast Beef) both full of meat and the bread was great as well. To top it off we picked up some fresh brats to grill up later.
Bring your wallet or if you have little self control it maybe better to just bring some cash and leave the plastic and pay check at home. 

The smell of the meats curing on the racks when you walk in to the front deli will transport you to meat Valhalla. 

This is what a deli is supposed to be. All their meats here are delicious. 

If the lady behind the counter is mean to you, you probably deserve it. 

If your a first timer just order the European Sub. All they're cold cut
This is an amazing little shop on 22nd St and McDowell. I found out about it from a Polish man who was searching for ingredients to make Polish moonshine. We were discussing the paucity of delicatessens here in the desert (a theme that transits my reviews) and he mentioned that this place was everything you wanted out of a deli. He was correct.

Much like the best delicatessens, the food is ethnic. Eastern European sausage is their specialty. You can get other stuff, and it is also good. However their selection of handmade Eastern European sausage is absolutely phenomenal. 

The woman behind the counter is also terrific! You get the sense that she would rap you on the head with a spoon if she could get away with it. My first time in, I was reading the menu, she walked up and asked, "What you want?" in a heavy (likely Polish) accent. When I hesitated, she exclaimed, "C'mon, what are you hungry for?" Don't let the gruffness fool you, she is only bringing home the point that we spend too much time at places like Subway ordering their "meals" than thinking about what we'd like to eat.

I go two hot dogs that first time, they were absolutely amazing. I mean they were hot dogs, just amazing hot dogs. Since then I have also tried the polish sausage, a turkey sandwich (just a bite) and the pierogies...OMG the pierogies! 

--why is it that any place that makes pierogies only sells them by the dozen? they are soooo heavy!!!--

Also there is an amazing selection of Eastern European groceries, everyting from jams and jellies to Kosciusko mustard and candy bars. I don't think there is another spot in the valley that has some of this stuff!

This place is a must hit here in the valley. People who care about the food they serve you, and enough character to write a novel about. Go and check them  out, you might find out about a sweet concert coming up from a Polish pop band as well!
Stanley's, Stanley's, Stanley's!!  I love this place. When you are in the mood for s sub, there are no shortages right here in the greater Phx area. Take your pick from large national chains to the smallest of mom and pop shops. Stanley's is one of my favorites. Friends of mine kept telling me to try this place, and boy am I glad I did. Reminds me of meat shops in Germany.  The place is small, with a couple of tables, but space is tight. The better choice is to take out. That way people won't hear you scream as you lose control over your sub. When you first walk in, the smell hits you. Smoked sausages and fresh meats abound. There are about 30 subs on the menu, but I bet they can make you anything you want. My favorite is the ham, turkey, roast beef. A whole sandwich is about 10" and the bread is some of the best around.  Fresh, soft and full of flavor. The meats are sliced thin and flavored perfectly. The roast beef has a nice beef flavor, the ham is a nice combination of smokey and salty and the turkey is sweet and jusy. The veggies are fresh and crisp.  I am not a fan of the special sauce though, just not up my alley. They also have chocolates, jams and other can goods from various parts of Europe. An absolute must try for any sub fan.
Great bacon that they will slice as thick as you like. Sure the ladies begin the counter are old world types. They're friendly enough though and the meats are great. They'll let you try anything you want and if you go in the morning it smells so delicious when they're running the smoker.
Talk about a Sausage fest,  Sausages, Sausages! This places has them, hanging on the wall, everywhere.  Some kind of sausage factory in the back and the personal up front is straight to the point no chit chatting here.  I love the pastrami if I go in for a quick bite.  I like the take different kinds of sausages to go to cook later.

I tried giving them three starts just could not do it this places deserves the fourth star while sausage company takes number uno.  The place just gives a great vibe of credibility that these people know their encased meats.  

The one hater, 
John J, your story is as bogus as it sounds, any formal news from your health department complaint?  The reviews are high star rating after another.
We lost a legend of deli's and it is replaced with a somewhat chain restaurant called So we MEAT again. The sandwich left much to be desired, the bread was mediocre and the thinly sliced piece of cheese on my sandwich brought a tear to my eye. The kabanosy sausage tasted over processed but a bit tasty with all the garlic inside, but the after taste was not pleasing. I may make the trek to the Stanley's on Bell road but was hoping this place was the birth of the rumored Stanley's that was supposed to branch into 7 new stores. I can't say that I would return to this shop as it was not terrific. There was mention of European goodies like stuffed cabbage and some other dishes during the holidays but is this not the holidays? Turkey day is 3 days away? If I do return here it won't be for a sandwich but maybe some cold cuts, smoked butt and during the holidays. The young lady behind the counter said that Stanley's shared their recipes with them but the menu states that these are passed down through generations of Shannon's deli with no mention of Stanley's. Maybe when they get the smokehouse in the back of the building going they will offer the 60+ unique cuts they promise.
A long time family favorite! It isn't a proper family get together without Stanley's pierogis!
I do love Stanleys, so I was very disappointed to learn that the location on McDowell and 22nd Street is now closed.  The shop that took over in the space is nothing similar, so don't bother going in if you showed up there looking for Stanleys, as I did.  I haven't made it up to the location on Bell yet, but I might have to make the trek up there.  How else will I get my Christmas Eve pierogi?   :(
We were able to get a great cut of brisket here, just over 3lbs which is just what we wanted.  It may look scarce when you walk in but most of the meat is kept in the back so just ask.  In addition to pastrami brisket you can get corned beef brisket, chicken, and assorted other deli meats.  They have have a grocer section where we were able to pick up challah rolls (mmm...challah french toast anyone?), matzo meal for latkes and my husband's favorite pickles- Ba Tampte.  There are also lots of other selections ranging from candy to cous cous to egg flakes and cereals.  

They have a pizza place next door (which may have deli offerings as well...) called King Solomon's but Segals itself is just a pure butcher and grocer.  Having grown up with kosher pizza we opted to not grab a slice because to be honest, kosher pizza isn't all that good.
Ok, I have been meaning to go here forever.  As a Jewish Girl, I like to know where to get Kosher stuff.

I really did not know what to expect when arriving.  The store was smaller then I had expected, but carried a full line of items.  The meat case is where I hung out at most.  I decided to not get any meat here, as I was more just kind of getting an idea of what they carried more then anything else.

They also have a resturant here, but it was being revamped, so it wasnt really open.  I was kind of dissapointed, but its only temporary.  The staff here is small, but personable and will answer your questions if you should have any.  Please do not be intimidated when shopping here-its not just for us Jewish folks!! Its for everyone!

I would return here in the future, but probably not on a regular weekly basis.  They have Challah, which I love, and one or two other things that I like to have around the house that are hard to find elsewhere around the Valley here at times.

You should also know that due to the Sabbath, the close early on Fridays, and are closed all day Saturday.  They are open Sundays though!!
What is important about this place is that it services a very particular client very well.  The decor isn't so hot and neither is the product selection, but they do offer what they do.

If you are looking for a kosher butcher, here is one.  If you are looking for products from Israel, here they are.

The magic of this place is the restaurant they have attached.  Chinese food and deli in the same place!  What?!?!
Pastrami tasted good, but had a lot of tough tissue, and was near impossible to bite through. Rye bread was low-quality.

Curly fries were tasty.

Cole slaw was yummy! Really the highlight of the meal.

Lemon bar was delicious, if a bit subdued. (I like the lemon to pucker my face)

The brownie was warm and chocolatey, but too many nuts.

Probably my only visit, unless someone invites me.
Pastrami on onion, YUM!!
Great Ham! The turkey (when it's on special, it's $19.99), and the ham bone soup mix @ $3.99 (you use the ham bone- takes hours to make, but it is sooooo good) is really delicious too. This place is crazy busy during the holidays- the line loops inside and is out the door! But if you've had the ham and the turkey, you understand why. It's one of  those great holiday traditions- to have a Honeybaked Ham. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny. There is a full ham, a mini-ham, or a miscut (I think that this one tends to be a little cheaper, out of the three). If you want leftovers, buy a big one. So, if you are planning to come here, and it's around the holidays, better get here early or you will be waiting a while. Then again, it's worth the wait.

The sandwiches are really good too. Sometimes there are coupons in the weekly circulars (Red Plum) with specials for the sandwich combos @ $5.99. If you get a stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after 6 sandwiches are purchased. We went once over the weekend and we were the only ones here. 

If you want really good ham, come here. This is a well-known brand that people have come to love, year after year. One taste and you will want more.
Excellent ham! There are several cuts: regular, mini, and miscut (slight discount). It's no surprise when the line is pretty much out the door during the holidays, not to mention wrapped around inside too. As was the case a few years ago, when I went with my mom. For years, many families here have enjoyed the delicious ham and turkey during Easter, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Save the bone for Ham Bone Soup- it's so yummy. You can also buy the bone, but there is a limit of one to a customer. Many years ago, there was a location on Maryland Parkway, across from the Boulevard Mall, but that's showing how long I've called Las Vegas home.

Not only does this company have excellent ham, the turkey is excellent too (roasted, smoked). There are free samples of the turkey (both kinds) and other products. Sometimes the turkey is on special for $19.99 during the holidays. There are several other excellent products like the ham bone soup mix, mustard, pineapple chutney, and side dishes too. 

This company also makes yummy sandwiches. I got the Classic-  roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, savory sauce, mustard, on a soft sweet kaiser looking roll that smashes down as you eat it.  My husband likes the Smoke Stacker- ham, lettuce, minus the tomatoes which I end up getting, barbeque sauce, on a ciabatta roll (not overly big, which I hate getting). If you get the stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after purchasing 5 sandwiches. We got the combos (lots of choices- salads, chips, etc., and both cost a little over $16.00. FYI, if you have a gift card, don't separate the card from the card that it is attached to, or else, the gift card is no good- it states so on the card. 

Located in a strip mall on Rainbow, not far from Charleston. Small but clean store, with less than ten tables with chairs. Bathrooms are located in the small hallway to the left. In front of the bathrooms stands an automatic hand sanitizer station- neat. There are two counters (cashier, ham). One refrigerated section to the right as you enter the store. Small but clean location. The people working there were really nice. She messed up my order but gave us a free brownie for the mixup. There were no other customers before but after us, there
were a couple customers; not sure if this is typical for sunday morning.

The other locations are at Centennial/Ann area & Henderson- Sunset, near Chuck E Cheese.
OK so this Christmas I decided to make things easy for myself in the cooking department, considering I just cooked a full on feast for Thanksgiving.

I decided to have a Honeybaked ham for my Christmas dinner and I will make all of the delicious sides which would be simple!

The Ham was delicious, picked it up the day before Christmas, yes waited in a 40 minute line, I was expecting that so no shock, lol.

It was $38 bucks for a ham that fed 8 people a generous portion, I think it was a great deal for taste, price and convenience.

You don't even have to bake or heat it up, simply pull it out and let it rest for an hour and you are ready to go. That is key that you serve this ham at room temperature!

I suggest making your own sides as they are costly and in my opinion their sides are not as good as what you can do on your own. They are called Honeybaked ham for a reason and that is what you should buy :)

All I had to do was my sides, green beans and bacon, brown sugar baked yams, and scalloped potatoes. It was an easy Holiday dinner and it left a lot more time for talking, snapping pics and laughing with family and friends!

I will be doing a repeat of this next year for my Christmas dinner!!!

I am a very happy customer!
Just had a D-Lish Tavern Club. First visit to a Honey Baked and I'll definitely be back. Not just because the sandwich was yummy (which it was...bread was awesome, thick cuts of meat, ripe tomatoes...) but the team was even better. Everyone there was super nice and helpful and they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our visit especially due to the reconstruction happening. In a world of waivering levels of service, these guys stand out as being awesome. Loyalty has been bought. Thanks honey baked team!
The store manager of this establishment is Dave Sheppard.  He is not very friendly, and lies.  I worked during the holiday season one year.  The store is great!  The management does not. care  This store needs to have a new store manager that cares about employee's and the store.
Imagine you seasoned a big roast and cooked it in your oven for hours, cooled it down, and then sliced it. This is the roast beef from Midwestern Meats. No joke- I have not once purchased roast beef from a grocery or deli since I tasted Midwestern's. I was in Mesa today, and couldn't help but swing by.

The place is divided into three areas: a butcher shop, a bakery, and a restaurant. The restaurant is VERY inexpensive and serves the Midwestern comfort food fare you might imagine, in a very homespun environment. The bakery is hit or miss for me, but I absolutely love their coconut cream pies. They have breads, pastries, cookies, cupcakes, coffee cakes, pies, ice cream, etc. The butcher shop has really good meat they ship in from Iowa. Chops and steaks, cut right in front of you, to your specification, plus ground meats, sausages, fresh gourmet burgers, ready for your grill- you name it, they probably have it.  I picked up some pork chops today and they were beautiful- super fresh, hand trimmed, and cut just as I asked for my next State Fair cooking contest.

Everyone who works here is ridiculously -and honestly- nice. For those transplants from the Midwest who miss its particular charms, this is your Mecca.
I will never buy red meat from a grocery store again if I can help it. I was planning on going out for a steak diner and at the last minute decided to cook out myself. I looked online and found a produce market (check out the review for superstition ranch market) as well as this meat market. They are a block or so away from each other which was really convenient since I needed to stop at both. The staff is extremely friendly and more than happy to help with your meat selection. They will even cook you a piece so you can try it. The bakery is great as well... Pecans Pies are great!  Anyway, if you get out to east Mesa, check this place out.. it's great!
Wow, I always have driven by and they have always been packed. My girlfriend and I spent 30 minutes or so just browsing their deli and sweat treat area. Then ended up going to have a late breakfast. It was awesome I am a big breakfast fan and I will definately being going back. I want to try their deli and desserts, but the people working there were absolutely outstanding. Great Customer Service.
LOVE this place!  GREAT service everytime!
Best Burgers in AZ...hands down...I have been to this place twice. And this is about the closest thing you can get to a small town restaurant in a big city. 
The service is excellent the food is great and fresh and the prices are cheap.

They have this burger that they stuff with ingredients..like jalapeno's and cheese or whatever you want, the beef is fresh from the chophouse right next door...which is also right next to their bakery. 99 cent pie all day every day.

This place is great I definitely recommend going here if your a carnivore.
This place is one of the best steakhouses I have been to. Great prices, fresh meats, good portions. This is my new steakhouse for sure! Best to go after 6pm to miss the seasoned citizens crowd. Next time I will try the stuffed burgers!
based on some reviews i've read and heard in person I decided to try this place this past friday evening.

I had the prime rib large cut and my mom had the Philly cheese steak.

The prime rib was a decent size (not what I would call King cut) very salty and my mom's cheese steak was served on what appeared to be a large hot dog bun which totally fell apart while she was eating the steak appeared to be flank steak which you DON"T use in a cheese steak...received 3 dinner rolls that were wet (almost soggy) on the bottom and we basic restaurant dinner rolls nothing exciting...especially with a bakery on site I guess I was expecting more

Atmosphere is very fire hall like if anyone reading this as ever been to a local firehall on the east coast

Service was decent, never did get a refill on my soda, the dessert of the day was cake which tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile.

After dinner I went over to the meat counter  they close at 6pm and I checked my cell phone it was 5:42 all the workers were busy pulling meat from the counter and not one person asked if they could help me.

Needless to say I was underwhelmed by this place.  Its definately more a senor hangout
Having seen a story about this place in the paper, we made the fairly long drive up there from Ahwatukee today. It's not something I would do every week, but it is worth it once in awhile. 

We did not try the restaurant, but loved the meat area and the bakery. The service was really fast and extraordinarily friendly. The prices were pretty good, especially considering the fact that you know you are getting fresh product ($4.99/lb tenderloin, $3.99/lb. cubed steak, $2.99/lb on pork chops etc.). The selection was good, but not great, but the overall experience was memorable. We'll go back, especially if we are heading up that direction anyway. We're looking forward to trying their restaurant next time.
This place is 3 stores in one, a restaurant, a bakery and a meat market.  I would give the restaurant 2.5 stars, the bakery 4 stars and meat market 5+stars.

I've only eaten at the restaurant once; my Mom and her husband love this place - so on her recommendation a couple friends and I went for a prime rib dinner.  My friends and I are not young, but we were the youngest people there.  No problem, it was 8pm and we were starving.  We each ordered the prime rib dinner which came with soup, potato and a dessert.  The soup was some sort of cream soup that was so gelatinous the spoon stood straight up in the sticky glop, yuck!  Thank God the prime rib was brought out quickly, it was FANTASTIC!  Medium rare, tender, tasty in it's own juice.  Delicious!  It's a good thing we weren't hungry for dessert, it was some sort of pudding that had the same gelatinous appearance as the soup earlier.  Gross.

I've only stopped through the bakery once for some cookies.  Everything is made fresh daily and they'll take special requests for anything including sugar free and low fat items.  

Go here for the meat.  I won't even buy grocery store beef since shopping here.  They'll cut anything and everything to your preferences and needs.  They are so helpful and friendly and the best part is the quality of the beef.  Everything is well marbled, fresh and fresh cut and it tastes 100 times better than anything I've bought in a grocery store.  Prices are beyond reasonable especially considering the level of service they provide.  

Between this place and the Superstition Ranch Market down the street, I rarely have to shop at a grocery store.
I have purchased meat from this place for a while, and even eaten the ice cream.  I had never gone in the restaurant and decided to try it out.  I had the Reuben which was average.  My kids ate burgers which I tried and was floored with how good they were!  Next time I get a burger!

The pie was delicious, but was disppointed that a-la-mode cost $1 extra but is only 50cents if you get it at the bakery.  Go figure.
What's the big deal with this place?  After reading all these rave reviews I thought I was missing out on the meat mecca of the east valley.  I decided to check out the restaurant for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The parking lot was packed, which is always a good sign.  After first making my way into what turned out to be the bakery I made a wrong turn into the meat market.  I finally found my way into the restaurant and was seated at a tiny 2 top in between a bunch of old folks.    Not that I have anything wrong with old people, but I was there for lunch and I think they were there for an early supper!!!  I had the turkey sanwhich, which was good but nothing better than I could have made myself.  I think next time I'll just head across the street to Sprouts and get a much bigger and better sandwhich for the same price without the blue hairs.
Went here with the girlfriend's grandparents last week and I must say I expected better after all the hype I got. Of course some of the hype was actually incorrect (THEY DO NOT ACTUALLY SERVE ND POTATOES) so they get cut a little slack for that. The service is fast and friendly, the bakery has some tasty stuff in it, and if you ever want to buy a cow's heart this is the place to do it (don't know why you would though). 

As far as the food, that's where I was underwhelmed. The mashed potatoes were like water, the veggies were cold, and the steak was just alright. I asked for my steak rare and I got medium well. Not being an ass I decided not to send it back and the steak itself wasn't bad. Just not too memorable....

Combined with the facts that the parking sucks and it sounds like an airport terminal inside I don't think I will be back. Unless maybe if I ever find a need for a whole cow's heart
Great meat market and bakery! The staff is friendly and extremely helpful! Have had their steaks, sausage and love their cole slaw and potato salad!  Don't leave without getting something yummy from the bakery - you won't be disappointed.
Every once awhile you get nostalgic feelings for the pastoral simplicities of yester year.  For these moments there is Midwestern Meats.  You walk inside and you swear you have just entered a Norman Rockwell painting.  The decor, the patrons, the food....everything is middle America 1940's.  

The food is standard "corn fed" fare.  Decent, not spectacular.  But that's not why I go.  This is the closest thing I've found to dinner at my grandparents.  Every once in awhile it is nice to wrap yourself up in a bit of nostalgia.  This place has it.
Great meat, great prices. You cannot go wrong with any thing inside the walls of this Mesa gem. From the cannoli in the bakery, to the corn-fed beef & specialty Brats at the meat counter, everything is fresh & high quality.

Check out Midwestern Fitness for pre-made & measured whole food nutrition packs. Great for those of us who are health conscious and on the go.
Just got back from eating lunch here with my dad... and I can safely say that I won't have to eat anything for the rest of the day...possibly the rest of the weekend. 

The Bacon Cheddar Stuffed Burger I got was HUGE. It came to the table buried in lettuce, onion and tomato (which I promptly removed) as well as pickles (which I left on). I ate almost the whole burger before being tempted by a piece of Banana Cream Pie (which was AMAZING). 

My only negative is I wasn't asked how I wanted my burger cooked... and I got it a little rarer than I usually like my beef. Thankfully, the melty, gooey cheese made me forget about the pinkness of the burger.

All in all, I would recommend this place for you hungry carnivores out there. Come with an appetite. I guarantee you'll be stuffed by the time you leave.
I am a busy working mom that tries to eat healthy as much as I can and I was received a gift certificate for Midwestern Meats.  I ordered their pre-packaged meals from their website and had them delivered today - I just ate the orange roughy, pico and sweet potato for dinner and it was delish!  Super healthy and took me 2 minutes to heat up and eat.  I also ordered their steak, chicken and salmon meals and I can't wait to try them.  It's so nice to have a fresh, "clean eating" meal that is already pre-measured and ready to eat.  Perfect to take to work for lunch.  I am a fan!
Can't get em' like this any more. High quality corn fed meat from the Midwest. This place has an excellent meat market, butcher, bakery, and restaurant with home style dishes,  just like grandma use to make.  Decor and style is from the 1940'-50s just like most of the customers. Did I mention they deliver and have homemade jerky. Stop by here before your next BBQ.
The stuffed burgers they sell, awesome. Frozen cheese curds are also available here, oh yes.
Ok, its a great place to get your meat! I think its a little pricey but its not too bad. I think the quality of the meat you get is fair for the price. 

I cant say that I have tried the restaurant or bakery but all I have hear about it is great.

I went there over the holidays and I had to wait for parking. If you have to wait to park for meat, it must be good. Right?
Great quality meats, DELICIOUS bakery- I'm pretty sure we've tried everything and they're all amazing. The only con is the occasional wait as they can be pretty busy.
It has been a while since I have written a review so I thought I would share my experince at Midwestern meats. Now I have been trying to stick with my New Year's resolution and lay off the junk food. That means no take out and everything is homemade. So after a really bad experince with meat from Fry's I decided to seek out a store that still had a butcher counter and ground their own meat. Easy right? WRONG!! It is amazing what passes for "fresh" these days!

Sorry your pre frozen chubs do not count and why is the meat gray?? Seriously have these people even seen fresh meat? I have and it did not smell like old dirty mop water lol. Anyways I finally found this place thanks to yelp and decided to do a little research online by visiting their website. Now let me start off by saying their selection is really large. It is like rubbing a t-bone steak and a genie pops out to grant you all your meat filled dreams. Looking for Fred Flintstone bronto steaks? They have them. 

Thick cut pork chops? No problem! My selection included a special blend of meat for hamburgers (chuck, sirloin, and beef brisket). The resulting burgers where like a bite of heaven. The meat was brightly colored and stayed juicy on the grill. There is something to be said about doing things the right way and this place does just that. Don't take my word for it, try for yourself and taste the difference. Enough said case closed!!
This place is great for both 2 leggers (homo-sapiens) and 4 leggers (dogs)! I love going to the butcher and getting exactly what you want instead of digging through packaged meat trying to find the right piece. Their porterhouse steaks are divine, and they will even give you a "women's" cut for the petite eater. They also have leg bones for the little ones. They happened to be out and they cut a dozen bones to the dimensions I wanted. Please make sure your little one eats them outside because they do get bloody and gross. Also throw them away after they finish or they do attract ants. Obviously I have learned the hard way:( I cannot tell you how happy I have been with their steaks and yes they do cost a little bit more but the are so worth the price!!! The store reminds me of going to the butcher downtown Chicago as a child with my Mom. The place is full of older folks who do value a good piece of meat. Yummers!!!
Midwestern Meats has the best meat I have ever had. It is fresh, tender and delicious. The meat is hormone free and corn fed. They have an amazing "from scratch" bakery that can make anything you desire. The restaurant has some of the best "homemade" food I have ever had in my life. It is very reasonably priced (cheap actually). They even have buy one get one free dinners. I love this place
Food was good but the bakery was the best. Please try the Lemon Merigne pie. To die for!

The yelp app was a life saver since we had no idea where to eat.
So good! I had the cheddar cheese and bacon stuffed burger, and it was delicious! The prices are a bit on the high side, but it is worth it!
Sunday breakfast was always a tradition for us before we left PA.  There were so many little independent diners to choose from. When we relo'd to AZ, we decided to continue the tradition.

We drove by this place several times during the week and saw the guy directing traffic in the parking lot so curiosity got the better of this cat - I had to check it out. So one Sunday we headed up for brunch. It was close to noon and I think we got the last table in the house but that is not always a sign of a good place in this area. Heck, despite the economy, it seems every place is packed all the time in Phoenix!

Immediately we ordered and got three cups of coffee. At 99c a cup, the expectations were fairly low as I can't honestly say that we found much restaurant coffee out here to be great. Mostly it is so stiff that the spoon doesn't just stand up, it salutes. Anyway, the steaming brew comes and it is amazingly good!  Smooth.  Not too strong, not to watery. Goldilocks would say it was just right. And the refills kept coming. 

DS and I both ordered the Pancake sandwich - 2 eggs with 2 cakes and meat.  Nothing fancy. But the eggs were cooked perfectly and the cakes were large and hot and tender. To me there is nothing worse than a restaurant that serves a rubbery pancake or one that served as a doorstop in a prior life. These were just good pancakes.  Freshly made.

DH ordered a chorizo skillet that was a wonderfully overstuffed skillet of Chorizo, peppers, and cheese topped with eggs and a side of their home fries. The plate was loaded with tasty sausage and just the right amount of peppers. Maybe a little more cheese than it needed but still tasty.  And real home fries. Not the typical frozen cubes of potatoes. 

If you are looking for fresh quality at a reasonable price, make this a place to try soon!

We will be trying lunch and dinner soon and will update the review then!
Excellent ( consistently excellent, I might add). 

Had their Breaded Pork Tenderloin Sandwich today.  Very tasty and great service!

Thank you Midwestern Meats!
Quality beef, knowledgeable staff, great prices!  Midwest Meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products.  If you want a special cut, just call ahead.  They're very accommodating to your needs.  Don't forget to try the baked goods from the adjoining bakery--stunning array of pastries!  If you want a damn good hamburger, get some freshly ground sirloin, peppered bacon, and some of their freshly baked buns. YUM!
Our mouth is still watering!!!!  We went here for lunch today for the first time and we're already planning our next trip.  :-)   My husband had the breaded pork sandwich and it's the best one he's had in 25 years.  I guess it's one of their most popular sandwiches and found out why.  The freshness, quality, and delectableness of this sandwich is 5-star worthy!!!!   

I had a cheeseburger and it was anything but basic. The quality of meat is immediately noticed on the first bite.  The grill marks, perfect bun, and oozy cheese form a burger harmony!  

We were too full for dessert which is too bad because there is a bakery attached to the restaurant and you can have your choice of pie slices for 99 cents w/ the order of a meal.  Next time!!  Oh, and there will be a next time!!!

Thank you, Midwestern Meats for bringing quality and a much needed taste uplift to the area. Never change!  :-)  See you soon....
My go to place for short rips and tri-tip. Growing up around the Santa Maria Valley I'm the king of tri-tip. While they don't always have it in the case, give them a few hrs notice and they will cut to order.  The bacon is great too. Keep it up guys.
Gotta watch'em closely. The other day I noticed two identical cuts of Top Sirloin with the exact label 6 ft from each other. Problem was one showed $8.99 lb. the other $11.99 lb. I asked them about it and they (without even looking) said the higher priced ones were Dry Aged. Hardly!! I know Dry Aged and neither Top Sirloin was Dry Aged.

Did anyone come out to the front of the counter to see what I was talking about. NO. They practice this type of sales deceit almost daily. PLAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO PRICES WHEN YOU SHOP THERE.
Based on the Yelp reviews, we were excited to stop in for dinner last week. Unfortunately, the meal was mediocre at best. For a butcher, we expected a good steak. While it was cooked as ordered, medium rare, the steak was tough and chewy. The hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat.
This was our 1st trip to Midwestern Meats and we will go back.  First we had Prime Rib dinner. It was melt in your mouth tender, cooked perfectly.  The only thing I would like to see more seasoning on the outside of the beef and the AuJus could have have had a bit more flavor. But I am a seasoning nut!  The beef vegetable soup was delicious, as well as the fresh rolls.  After dinner we had the 99 piece of pie, that was good too.  Then we went to the meat shop and to my surprise they had Pork Hocks and Side Pork.  Since moving here from Wisconsin 10 years ago I have not found these items in any grocery store.  I am delighted, I bought both.  We will be back!
This place is great for buying meats but not so sure if I will be back for a while as I have no need for rude with my pound of meat. 

I gave this place a really good review before because of the quality of meat they offer. I still stand by that review but have to say that my recent dealing with them left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended). I understand requesting uncommon meat blends is a pain for them but it is their job to fill that request! 

Do not want to feel like I am making someone's day harder than it needs to be just because I make a request that I have made many times in the past with no issue mind you. If not for the ability to place special orders than they would be pretty much the same as the chain supermarket meat sections. And nobody wants that!!

I guess you can call this a re-update
I spoke to someone when I went in to place a new order and she was super nice. I had no issue with placing my order this time and even got a few helpful hints. So it seems like most people at least care about what they are doing here.
The best place in Arizona to buy Fresh meat , chicken and fresh Beef jerky and the restaurant was awesome . People are very friendly as well a fun place to eat no doubt ,the owner is always there making sure all is well for his customers
Won't go back!
1st off, the staff was very friendly and welcoming. Decided to try the stuffed burgers I've been reading about. Wow!!! Awesome!!! The flavor of the meat alone was great. I had the Diablo Burger which has bacon, cheese and jalapeos inside the meat. The serve the burgers on buns made right there at their bakery.  That was one of the best burgers I've had since moving to AZ. Topped it off with a slice of coconut cream pie, which also was completely wonderful, I now have my favorite place to get a burger, will have to work thru the menu to other items.
I haven't been to the restaurant, so this review is primarily about the meat market. I have been to this place for meat numerous times, and I can't say that I have ever walked out of there happy. My first time there an extremely over zealous man helped me. I went in for some rib eyes and the whole time the guy was trying to get me to buy more food than I wanted, and getting me to put their rub on the meat I was buying. I politely refused, and he gave me a dirty look. It wasn't a horrible experience and the meat was good. The last time I went there, and what turned out to be the last time that I will go there (for meat). I was stocking up on my weeks meat, and had a decent size order. I did order two rib eyes that were for the next day. When I opened the wrapping the next day, I found one rib eye, and one NY strip. That was definitely the end for me. Either the guy gave me wrong cut on purpose for whatever reason, or he made a stupid mistake. Either way I'm done with that place. 

As for the bakery. I have only had their donuts, and they are really good. If they have them made. I went in there on Monday, and there weren't really any donuts to choose from. I had to go somewhere else. 

Pretty much I can't see myself ever going back to either store.
Tried this place one last time after the last time when they took 30 minutes for us to place an order and were out of everything.  We went for the meatloaf and chicken and dumplings today, normal Thursday menu items. Waitress took over twenty minutes to wait on us. She did communicate she was working with a large party (over 6 people) and it would be a small wait. No problem. Finally got our order in and twenty minutes after it is in the kitchen she comes back and tells us they are out of meatloaf. Last time we were there every item I picked on the menu from root beer and Mr. Pibb to the normal main courses on the menu they were out of those items too. The problems that night were blamed on a fill-in cook. We also waited forever and another waitress took our order as we were about to leave. We ended up ordering the prime rib this night because everything else we ordered was not available. The prime rib was over done and tough and certainly didn't taste like the corn fed beef I was raised on in Wisconsin. I gave them another chance because I really believed it was a bad night last time but it seems every time we go the place just gets worse.
I ordered a crown roast a week in advance of Christmas. I went to pick it up late afternoon on Christmas Eve. I was informed that they didn't have it. I had promised my Christmas guests crown roast. I understand things go wrong. But to not have the professional courtesy to call and tell me so I have time for Plan B is unforgiveable. I've probably spent a few hundred dollars there previously this year. They can kiss this business goodbye.
What a great find and not just because I'm from the midwest. They are very friendly and helpful. The bakery is awesome and you can get 2 scoopes of icecream for 50! Their prices on steaks and just about everything else are better than most of the other places we go. We bought several things and only spent $50..........I have let a week go by since our visit because I wanted to try a few of the things we bought before I finished my review.  The beefs cube steaks were tender and delicious.  The jalapeno and cheddar brats we bought were great.  You could actually taste the jalapeno and the cheddar.  We used the ground beef to make a meatloaf and it was perfect.  Not to much fat, but enough to flavor the meat.  We also bought some of their beef sticks, which we ate on the way home.  I have to say that they were not my favorite.  The hot was not hot at all and the regular seemed a little greasy and hard.  The 7-layer bars my gf bought were very good.  I am not a sweets person so they were mind-numbingly sweet to me, but my gf said that that is the way they are suppose to be.  We will definately go back and this time get some steaks and because there is a diner there, we will probably eat too.
Where to begin. Heard rave reviews about this place unfortunately the restaurant was not quality food! The salad was old and wilted, I had a tbone steak that was burnt and lacked seasoning. My kids disliked their food as well. The stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste! The cod fish lacked flavor. Fifty dollars later and I left hungry and grossed out! I don't recommend this place.
Meat market is awesome! Best in quality, and selection! Can't say enough about this place! A+.......Attached restaurant is a snowbird gathering place! My husband and I are retired, and felt like teenagers again, because, we were the youngest couple in the place! The restaurant is large, clean, and staffed with friendly servers. Portions are adequate, and served in a timely fashion. Food is ok, but nothing outstanding. Menu is geared to what the older crowd would enjoy. B+ over all.
I really wish this place was closer to phx but when we can we will make the drive out there to shop. They do offer delivery service which is very helpful. the butcher shop is great. reminds me of the typical midwestern butchershop.  they also have a freezer section that has some jewels in it. one thing my wife loves is they have real midwest style cheese curds. the breaded ones.  not very healthy but a great treat.  

before i wrote my review i figured i would read some others and there seemed to be some comments about bad customer service. I only make it out there once every few months but every time we have been (bakery and butcher shop) we have had nothing but great service.  the only bad experience ive had there was not their fault but of another customer who was just rude. 

their prices are really good for quality meats.
Coming to Az from Iowa, I was so disappointed in the quality of meats that the grocery stores and places like Costco sell. This market sells great quality meats and products and I will be making the trek to Mesa on a regular basis...had a great breakfast on a Saturday morning as well. This markets meats are second to none in Arizona and is as good as any I have ever purchased anywhere! CORN FED!!!
I was craving donuts, and decided to stop in for a couple. The woman helping me seemed miserable. I ordered one chocolate frosted, and one vanilla frosted. They were both put in a bag on their side without any paper which caused most of the icing to come off onto the bag. The donuts are delicious, but they lack customer service.
Seems like people who use the butcher shop rave about the place.  

Perhaps there is a disconnect between the level of quality on the butcher shop side and the restaurant side.  One of the more difficult to eat cuts of Prime Rib I've had in a while.  

For a place that is supposed to specialize in meats, I guess you'd expect more.
Was In the area and found it on yelp ..liked the picture of the stuffed burger so ordered 2 to go  and went over the the butcher side and bought allot of wonderful stuff, pot pie and steaks, loved it..!! as i went through the bakery to pick up my burgers bought some sweets ...yum... Not so Impressed with the burgers ..Wanted to get back to the butcher so I took a friend for lunch and It was confirmed the restaurant sucks....:( sorry the rolls hard my friend "steak" awful they told us the NY strip was thicker ..??!?!? I cant see how It was soo thin...my Philly  had hard bun the meat was to thick and awful ..But I will continue to shop at the meat market  always looking for good quality meat and they do  ..Something goes very wrong with the meat on it way to the resturant ..!?!? Maybe a new COOK oh and the stringbeans with tomato side from a can disgusting ....SORRY ..!!!?!
The restaurant section is awful. The wait was horrendous and you end up getting sat at a table meant for 8 when there is just two of you! The food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor. Once the food was delivered the server was never to be found. I only gave two stars because I enjoy the meat section and the vast choices the offer back there.
Food was average but the service was terrible!  Waitress seemed totally put out at our presence and even hung her purse on a chair at a table next to ours seemingly to imply she was ready to leave but we had fouled that up by walking in.  We asked only 3 questions and were met with curt responses.  I ordered a stuffed burger and swapped my fries for the twice baked potato and still was charged the full price for the damned thing.  So my burger and potato came out to over 15 bucks with taxes and they refused to give me credit for the fries that I traded in... never again...
BUTCHER SHOP ONLY

Been a regular this butcher shop for years . . . until I moved even farther out . . . but this morning I thought some great steaks sounded good . . . so with that I decided to make the long trek back to this long forgotten butcher shop.

It was definitely worth the trip . . . the service was great . . . quick . . . and attentive . . . even though as always . . . they were extremely busy.  Not only did I pick out some great steaks . . . I also picked-up some brats / hot dogs / kabobs . . . all grilled up great.

It had been way too long since my last visit . . . but next time . . . and there will be a next time . . . it needs to be much sooner . . .
Restaurant only....we stopped in tonight and were not impressed.
5 Year old specifically ordered a hamburger, ketchup and cheese only. It came with all the fixins and we had to pick them off. He does not like pickles and did not like the juice on his bun. The bun was huge and it was hard. The cheese that he wanted stuck to the lettuce. The fries tasted like they were cooked in old oil. 
Hubby ordered a pasta dish with Seafood. He ate half and then the waitress was helping the couple at next table - the woman wanted to know about the seafood dish so the waitress asked if he liked it. His reply, "it was okay". When asked if he would order it again, he said, no, it was not that good.
Me, I ordered the Taco Salad. Took one bite and the meat-bean mixture was cold. I sent it back and it looked like it came out new (I had stirred it up), again, the meat-bean mixture was cold - I had two bites. It was tasted like lard since it wasn't warmed to the right temp. Ordered a slice of pie and mentioned to the waitress that the taco salad was cold which, it why I didn't eat it. She was going to comp the $1.00 pie. 
I mentioned at the register that I did not eat the Taco Salad and asked for it to be removed and I would pay for my pie. He offered to remove $5. That left me paying $3.99 for a Taco Salad that I did not eat. I told him that was fine but I would not be back. He said, sorry to hear that.  The couple sitting next to me did not receive the correct steak. The cook made a rib-eye instead of a strip or something to that effect. In short, the cook made an error on their order. Reading other reviews. It sounds like they need a new cook in the kitchen.
I would give the waitresses more stars, they are really hard trying to make up for lack of help in the kitchen. They were fun and joked with my son before the meal arrived. 

I recommend the butcher shop, we have been a customer for years. Their meat is good and I love their twice bake potatoes. Buy a steak and cook it at home. Skip the restaurant.
Such delicious and high-quality meat.  In order of importance: 
First, always first: Bacon.  
Next, we love the pre-formed and frozen Hamburger Patties (the only hamburgers we will grill).  They also have the filled (with cheese or other deliciousness) patties for you to buy- which are what they serve in their restaurant.  Think: your favorite savory goodness wrapped in a rotunda of mouth-watering-ground-beefness, put it on your grill, enjoy delicious flavor.  
Thirdly we buy the chuck roast, which I cook in the crock pot or pressure cooker and is bizarrely tender and delicious.  
D) Amazing steaks.  You'll be freaked out by grocery store steaks after you see how quickly these cook and how tender they are... these are natural and high quality, which makes me wonder what the crap they do to the meat at the grocery store to make it grocery store meats so nasty in comparison.
5. Chicken breast.  Huge.  Just... huge.  Dolly parton huge.  And way juicier than grocery store chicken. 
Lastly:  Stew Meat which I use to make very tender beef stroganoff.  Or stew.  

Prices same/comparable to any grocery store's regular meat prices. 

They also have dog bones for you to buy for your Woofie-shaped friends.
My husband and I ate here last week in their restaurant and we were not disappointed. I had the New York strip steak, and he had the burger with mushrooms and plenty of cheese. We absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats.  We plan to go back very soon, the restaurant is wonderful. I have not ordered from the deli yet, but I have heard that is where they really shine, so it is planned for next time.
First I went to the bakery.  Which is great yummy yummy stuff! Great pies and fresh bread.  The ice cream is only 50 cents! Then after weeks of this I tried the butcher shop. Unbelievable good pork chops! And bacon is wonderful! Family loved that meal I made.  Tried to get in to eat at restaurant but too packed with snowbirds :( came back with my husband and kids and are this summer after snowbirds finally left. And wow! My ribeye sandwich was great.  My husband loves his taco salad. My daughters both got chef salads and they were so huge they couldn't finish them.  The prices are unbelievably great!!! Then we found out that Monday-wed they take care of locals by offering two for one meals.  So of course we have been back alot.  In the winter the snowbirds will be back but for now this is a great deal and place.  It is on our top 5 places to eat! I give it a thumbs up!!!
I've only ordered bakery goods so far but they have been great,  we ordered 2 piecakes last time and they were awesome.  It's a pie baked into the middle of a cake.  I got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit.  I placed my order through the website and they were very quick to respond and stay in touch.  When I went into pick them up they also had some dog treats that I snatched up too.  Over all the experience was great, well worth the 20 minute drive from our house. Thanks again for the service and food
Los Compadres 2 is one of the best Mexican meat markets in town. Their prices are solid and their meat selection is even better. I recently just stopped in and picked up some al pastor and seasoned beef short ribs. Some of their meats come pre-seasoned which = just throw it on the grill and let the magic happen. 

To bad this place is on the other side of town for me.
Our favorite Mexican mart for picking up grub on the weekends. The carne asada, short ribs and pollo asado are all excellent! Their pastries & cakes are fantastic as well! Highly recommended for great marinated meats.
What can I say other than omgness?! I love coming to this small grocere/bakery. My family totally loves the already marinated Carne Asada from here and I love the freshly baked breads and cakes they make here. Last time I flew back home to Hawaii, I bought $70 worth of Carne Asada, froze it and flew it home. My number one fix for mexican food.
Great store. Great find in my area.

I needed to pick up some pan dulce for a "Seis de Mayo" party (guess everyone was busy on the fifth) and I checked good ol' Yelp for some advice. 
I only picked up some pan dulce (which was very tasty and fresh). I look forward to checking out their meat market a little more since there are no large Mexican Grocers in my area. The prices were cheap too, I was very impressed and I'll definitely be back.
Where can you eat some of the best tacos in Vegas? My house, of course. But, I can't take all the credit. I bought the pre-seasoned and marinated meat for a recent BBQ at Los Compadres. The proteins purchased were pork chops ($2.49/lb), chicken breasts ($2.99/lb), and carne asada ($5.99/lb). The quality was great, all were easy to cook, chop up and serve in tortillas with all the toppings.

If your Spanish is no bueno, don't worry. They've got employees at this little Mexican market who speak English. The quality of their produce looked good, although prices were about the same (sometimes even more expensive) than what you would find at big chains like Albertsons or Smiths. I thought I'd save plenty of money by shopping here instead of those places, but I really didn't. I'll come back, though, to get my taco meat fix.
We still keep going here for our carne asada but the prices have really cut down on the amount we purchase. We've been buying a lot more chicken, it's excellent as well, but when the carne is $1.50 more per pound than it is in CA it's definitely priced too high.
This is a great little Mexican supermarket that i come to when I am craving some pan dulce. Their pastries are really good, love their conchas!
Holy, burrito moly, best carne asada burritos hands down in town. 

The meat is the most flavorful, tender meat ever. This is the only place we buy our meat for cookouts, I swear by it. It's affordable and delicious, get your butt down there now. It's a large burrito with fresh refried beans, tasty rice, sour cream, Mexican creamy cheese, and the carne asada meat. Only 5 bucks and worth every penny, 

When I was pregnant this was my go to place to grub and get my addiction, aka craving. Yes, hardly anyone speaks English and men look at women like they're meat, but I can handle all of that for the award tasting food, lol

 Writing this review reminds me that I need to go there sometime this weekend for one :)
Nefasto el servicio de pasteleria y te quedan mal con lo que pide que se realize al pastel y  te piden la nota del pastel y luego no te la regresan fatal!! Muy mala experiencia
Vegetarians, beware. Primetime Meat Market offers the best meats in the entire city. Unfortunately, our Vegas supermarkets don't really carry awesome meats and seafoods. Primetime took advantage of this and started its own meat and seafood specialty shop. When you walk in, let's be honest, it smells like raw meat and seafood. But hell, that's why you came, right? My usual buy is the filet and if it's super fresh, the ahi tuna. I can't even tell you how amazing both are. It is like having Morton's steak or the freshest sushi, for much cheaper, and no snooty waiter. They also have spices and seasoning for different meats, and can offer appropriate selctions for wine too. This shop has it all! They butchers are all friendly, and will answer all of your questions. If the meat isn't the freshest is can possibly be, they will tell you when to come back. They will also special order almost anything you wish, just give them plenty of time. They also cook meats for you if your in a rush. Just call in. If you are a dedicated meat eater, you can't find a better quality or selection in this town.
Gary owns Branded Meats, and carries the FINEST meat I've ever bought at a meat store!! Gary has over 20 yrs experience as an executive butcher for Steve Wynn, travelling the country searching for the best meat, and brings it to a little store less than a mile from my house. 

I can't believe that I've eaten meat from Vons, Albertsons, and other grocery stores, being told that it is actually meat. Only Gary has the real stuff -- aged meat that does not disappoint. In fact, it totally blows me away. I could not recommend more highly his rib eye, which will taste better than any other steak you've ever eaten.

He also has a new website, http://www.bizglimpz.com/BrandedMeats which has a cool video of his store. Be sure to visit, but better yet, be sure to get the best meat in southern Nevada, only at Branded Meats and Deli.
Overpriced.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the quality of the meat or the service provided here are bad (quite the contrary).  Instead, I just think that for the price, we should expect slightly more.  We got some American Wagyu ($30/lb), prime aged rib eye ($18/lb) and regular rib eye ($14/lb), not to mention some chipotle-jalapeno sausage ($4/lb).  While all of these meats were good, I can't justify paying that much for beef I could get cheaper at other places.   

No, I'm not talking about buying "choice" (or, heaven forbid, "select") sirloin from Albertsons.  I'm talking about buying similar quality meats from Whole Foods, Village Meats or Costco.  What?  Yep, you read that right: Costco.  Costco has prime rib eye for $11/lb.  Sure, it's not aged, but neither is the "regular" rib eye from Branded Meats at $14/lb.  And the Costco version is just as tasty.  In fact, my friends and I once did a BLIND taste test between Costco's and Branded Meats' regular and prime steaks.  Costco won hands down for the regular, but Branded Meats won for prime (likely because it was aged for    28 days, whereas Costco's isn't).

I'm all for supporting local small businesses, but you must nonetheless compare places like these to giant chain retailers, as that is the nature of competition.  Will I buy again from Branded Meats?  Mos def.  But only on occasions for which I will need aged beef.  For the regular stuff, I can hit up Costco.
I never liked steak.  No matter how you tenderized it or prepared it, the gristle was too much for me.  Then I bought filet mignon from Branded Meats - their mid-range product.  I asked for six-ounce filets - it wasn't just sitting there hoping I would buy it like in a grocery store...no, it was carved after I ordered it, fat removed save the tiniest bit of marble.  

Heaven. on. the. grill.

Just brushed some olive oil on it and salt and peppered it.  Melt-in-your-mouth wonderful and made me a steak believer.

But only Branded Meats steak.
Planning a dinner party for eight, I was discussing the menu with a friend and dinner guest; he suggested I head to Branded Meats. The next morning, my cohost and I popped over there to see what all the fuss was about.

The short version? Branded Meats makes me happy to be a carnivore and reiterates my oft-used celebration of being at the top of the food chain for a reason. (No, this isn't political, this is gustatory and I am a happy girl in owning that! ;))

I had a difficult time not changing the menu (or adding more to it!). I still have the lamb and veal chops in my head. They will be mine. Oh, yes, they will be mine.

Deciding to stay with the original plan, I explained what I wanted to the young lady behind the counter. I wanted 1.5-2" tall medallions, center cut, about 2-2.5" wide. Ideally, I would put 2 on a plate and offer approximately 8oz of beef. As we talked more, she showed me some of the tenderloins they had and we chose a different cut based on an amazing piece of meat. I love that she took the time to help me choose the meat first, then decide on the cut. Eight, hand-trimmed, center cut filets, and I was out the door.

Pricing. I found it to be fantastic for the amazing quality we found here. $25.99/lb (per pound it was $24.99 for the filet, $1.00 for the center cut). So, for 8 of us... $10-11 each. Amazing cuts of meat, melt in your mouth with no knife needed, for less than someone would waste on fast food? *Totally* worth it.

Great pricing, great selection, and the most informative experience I've ever had at a butcher. Very much appreciated and they now have a faithful new customer! My revitalized interest in cooking was given a push here at Branded Meats and I am looking forward to trying out much, much more.
I love this butcher!! I buy my pork butts, steaks, and ground beef here and all have been SO MUCH better than anything at Smith's/Von's/etc. They are super friendly and  have been great about my ridiculous special orders (they cut me a pork butt to fit my crock pot exactly!!). I also love their fun selection of meat accompaniments - everything from beer to hawaiian sea salt can be found on their shelves!

My only dream is that they would focus more on free range, hormone free products. They do typically have grass fed beef (which I love!), but I'd enjoy even more humane-type meat products. Overall this butcher is excellent, and remains my #1 choice for meats in Henderson.
We have gotten meats twice for special occassions and had great experiences both times.  Based upon these experiences probably will start to get all our meats from here.  You get better service and I love to support independents. Also, It reminds me of my hotel days when we had a butcher on site who cut all the meats for the property.  If you live on the other side of town; I have heard good things about John Mulls Meats as well.
Great place!  They helped me get the perfect veal shanks for my Osso bucco!  Nice and knowledgable. Great service !
Fantastic steaks, and a very friendly staff.  I've not found better prices on prime steaks.  Also a great selection of sausages and fresh seafood.  Today, I noticed a turducken in the freezer.  I didn't get it, but it's nice to know it's there.  A lot of steaks, like filets, cut to order, so you can request the thickness you prefer, rather than choose from what's already cut.  Give Branded a try, you will get a fantastic product for a price better for prime than you'll pay at large grocery chains that carry it.
I came here to pick up some stew meat for a beef stroganoff recipe and I told them it would be cooked in a slow cooker. They cut the pieces just right and the meat was very good and tender. I came in a couple days later for steaks. THE BEST STEAKS EVER! Friendly staff is always great. I'm definitely coming here for all my meaty needs. =] Definitely worth the trip and price
It's 32 miles roundtrip from my house to Branded Meats but the recommendation of a co-worker made me decide to try them. Big mistake as they are closed on Monday. Why didn't I check? Oh, I did, Yelp listed them as open Monday and under the Google map they are still listed as open on Monday.

So now another 10 miles out of my way to Whole Foods to buy steaks. As I was leaving another man who had googled them on his iphone came walking up, he did not look happy when I told him. I wonder how many customers they have lost by not paying attention to something so simple.

I did email Branded Beats about this and received a rather lame apology after a few weeks. They had not been open on Mondays for over two years but never bothered to change their listings on Yelp or Google below:

Address: 1550 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89012 
Phone:(702) 492-9998 
Hours: Monday hours 10:00 am-6:30 pm  -  See all
Monday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Tuesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Wednesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Thursday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Friday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Sunday 12:00-5:00 pm 

Transit: Stephanie @ Horizon Ridge (N) 

This debacle makes me wonder about how well they handle all the other aspects of their business, I doubt that I will go back. Think I will stick with Village Meats as I have for the last 35 years; they're closed on Monday as well but it's been posted that way on Yelp and Google.
I no longer shop at Albertson's, Vons or (gasp) Walmart for my meaty needs. This butcher shop is the business! We have purchased tri-tip, filets, sausage, chicken and more from this shop and we have NEVER been disappointed in the quality of the product. Now if my boyfriend accidently burns it.....that's another issue ;)

They are a little bit pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want a filet that tastes like buuuuuu-tah then you have to shell out a little bit more. Also, I do love how they are so accommodating. If I need a certain thickness on my steak, they cut it. If I want fat trimmed off my tri-tip, they trim it off for me. If I want chicken breasts pounded out for chicken parm, they pound it out. You won't find that kind of service at Albertson's.
The BEST. We especially love the bacon wrapped filet mignon. 
We were hooked after one visit, and always feel like $ well-spent.
This place is ok. For sixty some odd dollars we got a pound (each) of salmon, ahi, ground beef, and like four sausages.

What this place can do without, in my opinion, is the little kiosks they have, with knives, and what not. They also have a pretty scary looking freezer...
I am so grateful to find this place!!! They recommended a cut of meat I normally don't buy, because its not as pricey. I love filet or New York... But here's the thing. The cut they suggested, was along the best steak I've ever had. And I've been to some of the best restaurants in Vegas..It shows me they care about their customer, not the amount they make...The shrimp I bought was equally as amazing. My gf is from MD and is very very picky on seafood... She loved the shrimp we bought..which is rare and a testament to the quality this store provides..I will be coming back again and again and again!!!!! Oh... And one more time after that.. ;)
I have been on a quest to make the perfect steak. I purchase a sous vide, I have read countless articles, and ruined plenty of good cuts of meat in my endeavor. I have gotten better, and thought I was getting close to the best steak I had tasted. But there was always something missing. It ends up, it was the meat.

I had been to a few butchers, and given the butcher-like guy at the grocery store more than his fair attempts, but nothing was all that impressive. I mostly just started ordering from Omaha Steak, which is a half-meassure at best.

Then I found Branded Meats! Oh what a difference the meat makes. On my first trip I went for the Prime cut filet, and New York Strip. Outstanding. The butcher, who I think owns the place, mentioned everything is wet aged. I asked about dry aging, and I got an earful about not being able to tell the difference. He guaranteed I wouldn't be able to tell, but then offered to special order for me to check myself. 

He seemed like he knew what he was talking about, so I went with what he had, and I don't regret it. The compliments on my steak have gone from, "that's like steakhouse quality" to "this is the best steak I've ever had, better than any steak house.". 

Along with my now regular pick-ups of steak, I have started adding other items. I picked up some chicken breasts and sweet Italian sausage. The chicken didn't turn out quite right, kinda dry. But I think that was more my fault. 

The sausage on the other hand...insane! The best sausage I have ever had, and I'm from Chicago. 

Prices are not cheap, but really only about 10% - 15% higher than the grocery butcher-like guy, and that stuff is pretty bad. Omaha Steak is more expensive, unless you get a couple deal. But I promise, Omaha is a joke compared to this stuff. 

If you're looking for a butcher in the area, I highly recommend visiting these guys. Be aware, they are closed on Monday, a fact I discovered in the worst way. But I didn't feel a need to cry about it like the other reviewer here. Really stupid reason to rate a place 1 star by the way. 

Anyway, check it out and you won't be disappointed. And hit me up if you want to come try a steak for yourself!
Love this place.  We have purchased many steaks, pork chops and chicken here all delicious; however warning no aged meat.
I'm kind of on a 'paleo-lite' diet right now, and that means I've been eating a lot more meat. And eating a lot more of it means I'm getting a lot pickier! Even the select stuff at Smith's isn't really cutting it anymore, but I had found that the organic grass-fed ribeyes at smith's are pretty good. They're a little pricier at ~$12/pound, but the real problem is that they're not always available. In order to find a better selection (and support a local business!), I ventured over to Branded. They definitely have a great selection of beef - prime, select, and choice - and a handful of seafood options on the day I was there. On the butcher's recommendation, I went for the select ribeye for (I think) ~$15/pound. It was excellent! My husband and I both loved the flavor, and I find that price reasonable for a good steak.
In addition, the seabass I got was really good, too, although definitely higher priced at $25/lb. 
My only complaint would be that their steaks are all grass-fed, but grain-finished. After trying it, though, I'm pretty sure I'll be back any time I want steak!
I really like the place, but am a newbie at buying meat from a high quality store.

I give this a 3 star because:

a. Service - Was not bad, informational and at same time a bit standoffish.  I never really felt welcome.

b. Choices - They had some great looking meats like Filet, Ribeye, Hamburgers and sausages.  

c.  My choice - I was looking for grass fed beef and they did not have any.  They mentioned that their beef was grass fed and then finished with grain.  I ordered a beef brisket and got 8 lbs for about 35.00.  They sealed the meat in vacuum packing as I asked to cut this in half. That was great service.

d.  The problem was:  The fat.  When you are cooking brisket, you cut out the extra fat. I was trimming so much off, that I kept it and weighed it all.  Nearly 3 lbs of fat  My 8 lb purchase was 5 lb and at 35.00 that is 7.00 per lb.  This was incredibly expensive in my book.  After cooking this, so much fat rose to the top of the juices.  I did not expect this much fat in a high quality place.

e.  I think it was - my choice. All the meat in their display looks great and lean. The brisket they took out from their walk in refrigerator and it was packaged.

I have check both Sprouts and Whole Foods and they sell both grass fed and Non GMO- no Hormone beef. Price was nearly the same, but with no fat hardly.

GK says, check this place out, but know what you want and be prepared as if you are a newbie like me, then you may have the same issues I have.
This is the "go to" place for top quality meats.  Go in on a Saturday and get some regular burger patties to cook on the grill that night.  They always cook up to perfection and they taste as good as the Burger Bar!  If you're celebration something special, step up to the prime cut NY Strip or bone-in Ribeye.  You will not believe you cooked a steak so good on your own grill at home.  It's as good as the Double Eagle but half the price.

Go in and check it out.  You'll find something you'll like.
Yesterday I was served Kobe hot dogs, chipotle jalepeno brats and cheddar cheese brats.  They were fabulous.  Turns out the place to get this great food is Branded Meats, only a hop and skip away from my home.  So today, I entered for the first time.

Branded Meats brings me back a bit to something seriously lacking in California and Nevada, the local butcher shop.  You enter into a no frills room with glass counters displaying cuts of meat that would make even the most premium palate drool in anticipation.  From brats, to filet, choice 1855 to Prime, Kobe hot dogs, duck breast and on weekends, fresh fish you can get almost anything here.  Lamb and veal as well.     There is also a wide selection of seasonings, spices and sauces. Pricing is as expected since they grind and cut the meats themselves but really reasonable all things considered.  I purchased a duck breast and 2 Kobe dogs for less than 18 dollars.  Will be back once I get my grill and set it up for some prime rib eye.  Pan or broil just wouldn't do it justice.

They have posters showing the different cuts of each animal and will custom fill orders by phone.  The owners/staff are super friendly and will provide information about where the meats come from and how they are prepared.  They will also cut the chops to fit your thickness preferences.

All in all, I was very impressed with Branded Meats!
So on recommendation from Eric i swung by here the other day and tried the breakfast sausage,the kobe dogs and a couple of new yorks. The breakfast sausage was excellent,cheese and bacon mixed in with ground pork. The kobe dogs also had a great flavor,would get them again. The new yorks were also good. The store itself is basic nothing fancy shmancy ,however i'm not there to consume the display cases so its ok :)  As a side note its right next door to that guy who does the commercials for anthem jewelers,went in asked him for something he didn't have it,in fact it looks basically like a pawn shop. as for the meat store "ill be back"(best arnold impersonation)
I am very happy with this market.  They give great attention to your needs and all the meats are FAR superior to anything you can get at other markets.  You do pay a bit more but it is well worth it.  I refuse to buy any meat at another place as the quality just isn't there when I buy from Albertson's.

You can't find better meat anywhere -
This review is for the store itself, I decided not to buy meat from them. The store itself was dark... The freezers were also dark which made it seem sketchy. The employee who happened to be working wasn't super friendly either. I didn't feel welcome. Their meat didn't look fresh and they didn't have a great selection when I went in. Maybe it was just an off day? But I will drive across town when I need go pick up meat from the butcher block.
I grill out every weekend and will only come here for my meat. Not only do they have a great selection but they will also bring in products that you request. I go here twice a month and have never had less than a 5 star experience.  Top quality meats at competitive prices that gives me a hometown feel (from Kentucky) in a big city. Thank you.  

I also get my fresh ground dog food from here and couldn't be happier.
Decent meat, great pepperettes
Great service from staff, meats are of a very high quality.  Always enjoy coming here.
This is one of these rare finds, A traditional butcher selling excellent quality meat at a very reasonable price. Tasty chicken fillets (with no added water), lovely steak mince and pork loin. The Steak looked very appealing and well hung, will be trying this at the weekend. Word of warning they are Cash Only so make sure you take enough as you'll want to stock up!