This was totally our after work hang out.  On a rough day, it might be the "lunch" for some.  As long as you could walk over and walk back, which we did, you were good.  

I was surprised by their food.  They aren't going to win any gourmet awards or anything, but it was pretty good for bar food.  And they had some good weekly specials.  They also did regular Texas Hold em Tournaments which were fun to watch.  Small neighborhood spot.  Great service.  Good drink prices.  And for some of us - great memories.  (Shout out to my Synergy Homies!)
I usually try to visit this place on Tuesday's because their burgers are only $2.00 plus $.50 for cheese.  A basket of fries which is enough to feed 2 is only $3.00.  It can't be beat.  I usually go when I take my lunch break from work with a fellow co-worker and friend.  Another reason that I like this place is that they give you a carafe of soda so you don't run out.  They do have a decent Happy Hour which is mostly only discounts off beers.   But they are cool because they have Blue Moon on tap.  Their mixed drinks are more expense than most bars that I visit.

The regular patrons that I see in the place seem all to be retired because they are always talking about their golf game or when they are going to golf next.  When one enters the place one of the bartender's automatically know their drink and have it ready for them by the time they take a seat.  It is a pretty laid back environment 2 guys that seem to run the place are usually hanging out at the bar.
I was a fan of the Dirty Drummer over in Tempe back during college years at ASU. So when I walked in this location I was happy to see the faithful ASU Banner up near the bar! 

The waitress was really friendly she greeted me promptly and asked what she could get me as if I was a regular. I asked if they still did hot wings and she said why of course 12 for $5. So I ordered them and a cold draft and set back to watch the NFL game in progress. 

The game didn't go my way but the wings came out just perfect as they always have! Hot & crispy with just enough sauce to give them a little bite and not loose the crispiness of the big juicy wings. 

The beer was cold and the shoot of Tequila I had was ample to say the least. Only they don't stock my friend Jose' ...What's up with that so I had some off brand I never heard of call Tres Amigos. It was chilled to the right temperature and slid down easy. 

Can't wait to visit on a Tuesday for that burger special now. 
See ya there?
There is nothing fancy about this place at all, but it is perfect if you want to get a great burger...$2.00 on Tuesdays and all summer long...great wings $5.00 for a dozen any time....Cold cheap beer $5.00 for a pitcher, also any time, all coupled with good, friendly service. They also get the NFL Sunday Ticket and MLB Extra Innings package so you can check out your favorite out of market teams. If you want good food/beer at decent prices give the Dirty Drummer a shot.
Great dive bar...the service is good.  As soon as we sat down the server came right over and asked for our order.  The drinks were out quickly and so was our food.  They have $2 burgers on Tuesdays.  The decor itself is nothing to rave about, but it's a nice neighborhood place.
Good little dive bar for sure. I stopped in for lunch and since it was Tuesday the burgers are only $2.00. I had a 1/3 burger with Swiss and added Green Chili to it. It was very tasty for $2.00. I also added a side of fried zucchini and those were amazing! They were cooked perfectly and was served with a side of ranch dressing. 

Service was friendly and very quickly. I could have been in and out in 30 minutes but I took my time since I wasn't in a huge rush. Even though they were quick on the service they didn't rush you in anyway which was nice.

Overall, everything was very good and I will certainly go back for lunch.
I work in the building across the street and have gone here for lunch too many times to count.  If I didn't work in the building across the street I doubt I would have ever gone into this corner building, strip mall, dive bar unless something horrific was happening in the world, such as the zombie apocalypse, one in which I'm being chased by a hoard and my only salvation is to enter a dive bar where, more than likely, the servers will also be zombies and I'll be fucked pretty bad. 

That said, the place kind of smells like musk and sadness and the two or three middle aged servers look like they've lived a lot of life.  There are always a few hunched over dudes at the bar, watching sports or maybe counting their misfortunes.  One server appears to have always just had something weird or traumatic happen to her before she takes our order, like she was just bitching at SRP for shutting her power off or she just found out her teenage son got arrested on drug charges- then she comes to take our order.  While the service has never been despicable, we always have to wait an unnecessary amount of time for our tab, which sucks since we're anxious to get back to our meaningless jobs.

She also asks us "what flavor" of beer we want, which confused me since, like, Blue Moon is not exactly a "flavor" as much it is, you know, a brand.  But I can look past this.  

I've eaten a few things here and the worst and most unacceptable was a simple dinner salad which was literally wilted Iceburg, bag lettuce with an obscene amount of dressing.  I can only assume that they thought if they covered the wilted lettuce with enough fatty Ranch I wouldn't notice the lettuce was bad.  I did, but I didn't send it back, instead I ate it and drank beer and talked about how much better the director's cut of Bladerunner is. 

The wings are mediocre, not crispy enough for me to say they're cooked well, not thick enough to call them plump, and not tasty enough to assume that the sauce is anything more than some Frank's Red Hot concoction with some added butter or someshit.

I've also had the pleasure of the chicken "fritters" which are, you know, frozen chicken strips deep fried.  I order these most times I come here because they can't really fuck it up and you can't exactly go wrong with chicken strips.  I've also ordered the "fire" fries which are just their fries with Cayenne pepper on them, and they charge another 1.50 for this. 

What IS worth the trip across the way and the shady, low brow atmosphere are the two dollar burgers on Tuesdays.  I actually never order the burgers only because I'm not much of a burger person, but my regular co-workers tell me they're tasty, a cut above a fast food burger and cheaper.  (Though, consider that you're also leaving a tip for the service, not getting fries, and paying extra for cheese, so it's not THAT much of a better deal than fast food, just sayin'.) 

What I can't look past, why Dirty Drummer is only getting two stars, is the fact that the only reason we came here; the five dollar pitchers of domestics, are now, for some reason, NINE dollar pitchers which, needles to say, is absolutely not worth it, especially considering the skimpy size of the pitchers, the depressing atmosphere and the tore up servers.  After my co-worker noticed this new four dollar addition to the pitcher price he said, rather cleverly, "looks like this is the last time we'll be drumming."

And it was.
woohoo! 

We always go here on Tuesdays, and sometimes on weekends.  their food is so good.  The burgers are the best in town!  And if you like wings, try their honey hots... grilled (they are not on the menu but they will make them and they are so good)

The staff is awesome, their drinks are great.   I love how they have 2 bathrooms for such a small place.  Always have music going (unless a game is on) and if the game you want to watch isn't on, they will turn it on if you ask them, and gladly do so.

We love Mandy and Brandy, And other poster is right about them greeting strangers as regulars (as we were strangers once).   

on the weekends its 5-5-5  which means 5 dollar pitchers, 5 dollar wings, and 5 dollar burger and fries:)

yummie!  love it there!  Thanks Drummer!

Ronney
My fav wings!!!   Grilled and re sauced, yummmmmmm!!  
the man on the grill, Walt, sure knows what hes doin!!!
I was introduced to this place by my coworker and friend.  She goes here every single day at lunch and its cute because everyone knows her there!  Anyways, everyone is very friendly!  I have always gone with my friend and each time they are so sweet and they even remembered the type of beer I like.  They have daily lunch specials and their prices are awesome!  They have a great grilled cheese!  My friend has them put their salsa inside, I like dipping it in their salsa!  I had their tacos the other day and they were pretty good!  This place is not fancy and luxurious, but I felt extremely welcome and comfortable.  This place is not my usual scene but it is good!  I will be back on many occasions...very casual!  I have never been at night or during events but I am sure it is crowded!  They have the tvs on the walls and they have pool tables I am sure it is a fun time!  Try it if you are looking for a casual bar to try...
Stopped in here last night with the fetching fiancee for a couple of beers and to watch the Dbacks and Monday Night Football simultaneously. We're both fans of little dive neighborhood bars, and this one fit the bill. Lots of TVs all showing games, and a bunch of beers on draft and in bottles.

We didn't eat. We just drank some beer. The beer was fresh and our bartender, Nicole, was VERY friendly and outgoing. We noticed they had a couple of pool tables, so we mosied over and played a half dozen games. The coin-op pool table worked fine (always something of a question in a dive bar) and the bar cues weren't too horrible. And there was extra entertainment from the pool table next to us, where one guy was an unrelenting and shameless self-promoter.

This place is a sausage fest, at least during Monday Night Football. I think the bartender, the server, and my fiancee were the only women in the place. Lots of guys watching the football game and making some harmless noise.

This is not a place for snobs. It's a little neighborhood bar, not a "destination" bar. It's great for watching games, drinking beer and shooting pool with your neighbors. If your favorite bar is Hanny's, you're probably not going to like the Dirty Drummer. If you're more of a Zipps person, you'll fit right in.

As we were paying the bill, we introduced ourselves to Nicole (the bartender) and she was kind enough to run down their weekly food and drink specials for us. Overall, a fine first experience. We'll go back.
The place was super chill and that's probably why I'm giving it 4 stars.

However, the food took like ALL OF MY LIFE to get here and there werent many people there!

I ordered the wings...and my boo ordered the grilled cheese. After all that wait, the food wasn't extraordinary and my wings were a little burnt and dry. But after asking for some extra wing sauce, it was yummy. 

HOWEVER...I would definitely come here again because it would be a good place to watch any sports games.
I don't really expect much from a bar & grill and I guess that's what I got. I can't eat much and bread is off the menu. I asked for a simple hamburger patty, but the told me that I would have to pay for a whole burger with the fixings anyway. Well, okay fine. Since I'm just eating the patty I'm hoping it's nice and juicy medium as ordered. What I got was a charred hockey puck.

I also got an order of fried zucchini. I expect it to be frozen stuff, but this was pretty bad and grease soaked.

I realize they don't start off with super good ingredients, but they could have cooked it better and brought it out faster being that the place was dead on a late Friday night.

BTW, I cannot figure out why two reviews are filtered. They seem on the up and up. The food service is painfully slow.  This is a place for beer and sports.
I entered this bar simply to watch some of the ASU game and grab a beer at happy Hour. No HH food specials, but they have domestic pints for $2.50 and a huge screen was playing the football game and other TV's had all the other games I needed. Quickly, I learned about the Drummer's signature burgers since I was sitting at the bar and the grill (like in some older drugstores and Waffle House) is actually in the bar area (see photo). THis is great as I enjoy watching my food and others cook, but it also exposes some flaws if you know what to look for. Ok, the bugers are clearly not frozen here and are the best part of meal. They are fresh balls of 1/3 pound of ground beef and chef throws it on grill and seasons it with some powder and then the signature move occurs about 10 minutes into cooking - red wine is poured onto the burger while cooking, producing some sexy steam. About 1/2 cup of wine is loaded on the burger (($6.95 with cheese, $2.95 on Tuesday) and then I went with swiss and mushroms (.75 cents) for toppings. Ok, here are some flaws to ponder. The Buns are from Sara Lee, the fries and onion rings are dumped out from bags, the cheese is a generic slice and mushrooms are canned. If your gonna give me an incredible burger experience at least don't cut corners on all the extras which in my mind are all part of the deal. I realize this isn't a gourmet joint, so I cut some slack and the burger was very tasty and cooked well, but I didn't taste any of the wine (not sure if I was supposed too), but maybe the cheese overwhelmed the wine taste. Only one other place in the area uses wine according to the cook who has been there on and off for 20 years. Still a very friendly staff and this burger might taste better on Tuesday's for a better price, but i enjoyed the novelty of the wine and watching the chef (short order cook) in action.
Right after I was about to order a 2nd round of drinks, the nitwits at this place kicked my date out after falsely claiming she was there a week ago during the ASU game causing a ruckus and skipping out on her bill.  The tatted up short order cook (those are the only jobs you will get kids if you get tats) and the once friendly female pudgy bartender were convinced that she was the enemy and must go despite us telling her that she wasn't here during that game. This was a bad case of mistaken identity and if your gonna accuse somebody of that at least have a photo, more proof or something other than, "you have to call the owner". If you really recognized her as the person who ripped you off then call the cops man. These two were off their rocker. Well, at least its the last time I have to watch the "cook" scoop out potato salad from the giant tub and fry up nasty frozen fish on fish friday.
I guess you can certainly do worse.. , after awhile all these shitholes look the same to me, I go for the experience of talking to the locals, and , on this day my better half and I were the only 2 customers in this place. We had a serviceable Philly Cheese Steak. Prices are average I guess. And I have to give it one star for the stupid name.
It's a dive bar.  They have lots of TVs to watch sports.  They have a few pool tables.  The grill and fryer are in the bar area so the cook and bartender kind of share the space back there.   I was there on a weekday late at night and I would say that 80% of the customers were Hispanic and every customer except me had visible tattoos.  However this didn't bother me at all as I knew it was a dive bar before I came there.  Nobody caused any problems when I was there.   I also noticed a bunch of baseball memorabilia around the place and signs advertising for weekly appearances by various historical baseball players who presumably sell autographs and other personalized merchandise.

The drinks were cheap and the service was fast and friendly.
Chicken wings are chicken wings... but the Drummer will grill your wings to a delightful char after they have been fried and sauced at your request... this makes for a delicious less messy wing that is tender and juicy. These guys go through dozens of pounds a day I'm sure and each order is hot and delicious. 
The burgers are the Original Wineburger recipe used at other places around town and were directly affiliated with the old Wineburger dudes back in the day. I am amazed how much the old neighborhood has changed but looking at the drummer it is still exactly the same and just as clean as it was 30 some years ago when I first started coming. 
Plus the cutie bartender this day thinks I look like the dude. Far out man.
Back for Football season due to person I was meeting lived near here. They had large pitchers of Bud Light for $6.25 and some other specials, but no food deals. Did enjoy the cheese crisp with fresh roasted green chili's for $5 and after many pitchers had a burger there. Fresh Ground beef, cooked well done (my order was the only one going) with cheese and bacon to soak up the booze. Very friendly staff throughout the PM and night games. Might not be great for watching every game, but times when there are only one or two games, it is a perfect alternative to bigger, flashier bars.
I'm a hot wing fanatic and heard that Dirty Drummer does good wings, so I gave them a shot and basically they were just ok. The sauce was thin, vinegary and forgettable but the wings were meaty. The beer selection itself was poor, mostly cheap stuff like bud light, michelob ultra, etc. The deep fried mushrooms appetizer was pretty good, and the service was good.

But overall it was simply ok, I wouldn't insist on going here but I wouldn't rule it out either. I guess I went in expecting something more interesting instead of a half assed sports bar.
Haven't even tried the food yet! The waitress however has been absolutely amazing in catering to my needs. 

I will try to make a long story short here.. Delayed flight, made it to Phoenix couple hours late, lost bag, found bag, bag missing half my stuff, got in a fight over a cabi trying to rip me off. End of story I just really wanted a few drinks and to go back to my room. The waitress quickly served me my shots and beer as well as my food to go. Even helped me out with some beer to go " unopened " of course at an amazing price to go back to my room with. "Walking". 


I don't care if the food is horrible they helped end a terrible day good. However I hear the food is amazing!

edit: food was amazing. Fire fries were magical
I love the food, Karen is an excellent waitress, (the other one sucks) and I HATE THE SMOKE!  

Pay attention people!  Allowing smoke to drift into the building while people are eating is a VIOLATION.  I even asked the manager to put his cigarette out that he left burning in the ashtray and he just ignored me.  When I asked if they could at least shut the door while people were eating he said "NO".  Sorry for ya, enjoy your fine!  

PS, get a couple of new speakers for the crap radio station you play in there.  I know you can't hear too well but trust me, those have been blown for a couple years now!
I've been to this establishment several times after work with coworkers. I've always ordered the chicken wings, which are phenomenal! They fry them, then throw them on the grill (for an extra couple of bucks). I went against my better judgement and ordered a medium-well, cheese drummer burger. It was the size of a case dollar, cooked well-done...to a crisp. The unmelted cheese looked as if it had been sitting in the fridge, unwrapped for weeks. But I was told that this was the normal look of the burger. If mom ever told me to say grace, now was the time. The meal turned out to be filling... Or I wasn't as hungry as I proclaimed to be. Previous service had always been rude, slacking, and non-existing. This visit, it was different. The waitress was friendly and attentive although she was working the whole dining area alone. There are TVs throughout the place, so you'll never miss the game. Also, you can try your hand at pool or sit and people watch. Nice place to regroup after a long day of work.
I love this place!! The food is 5 stars it's best and it's not even a fancy restaurant. I love the cheap drinks, atmosphere, staff and the fact that you get to watch them prepare your food in front of you
Wow..never thought there is a difference between dive bars and found out there is a big difference.  This place should be categorize as a shit bar instead of a dive bar! 

Called about 1:30 and ask about employment there and was told by some bitch working there said "no we are not hiring" and then with her stupid uneducated trailer trash bitch attitude ass added "if you are in the business,  you should know not to call during lunch!" 

Its 1:30, past lunch time "rush" and this bitch had to open her probably fat, pimple faced mouth and give this rude comment?! This was so uncalled for!!

So I went in this shitty place to complain (so glad I did not applied at this nasty ass place-which I did not understand why anybody else did not smell or see how nasty this place really is!) and asked for the manager. This  nasty toothless so called"waitress" said he was bartending and was busy! I still spoke to this (piece of shit Is way too much nice of a word for this asshole!)manager and was treated again like a piece shit and he bitched me out saying "if you are not a customer, I don't have time for your shit and come back later!!" 

Well the only time I would come back to this shitty bar if I ever wanted a staff infection or hepatitis from the gross bathrooms! 

How can anybody eat at a place where the management treats anyone this way??!!  I would never eat here and wouldn't anyone else eat at this place!!
Its was Saturday night a few minutes before 12:00am and called to see if they were serving food. Was told we were 2 minutes late even though it advertised they are open till 1:00am. You would think Fridays and Saturdays they would serve till 1:00am. But a block up the street Applebee's is open for late night happy hour with half price appetizers and the place was busy. I like to patronize local business. But in this case Applebee's out did a old establishment
I f you look in the dictionary for a classic neighborhood dive bar you will see a picture of Captain's.  The all day Happy Hour makes it a great, quiet place for day drinking with a limited menu of basic bar food and daily food and drink specials.
Best dive bar in Apache Junction! The owner, Mary, is a hoot and treats her customers right!
This was a 5, but last time I drove by, this was no longer Marco Polo...
Closed for year's so should be dropped
Very sad to learn that where the best meal I've ever had in my life is no more. Phoenix, you have lost a gem.
Creepy bar scene hahahaha Good thing I was in good company.  The drinks were strong at least, perhaps to mask the weird people that show up.  

Glendale bars are weird man
Neighborhood bar , good drinks, nice bartenders. Downfall: cash only
I can't say much about this bar since I had only been here for a couple of times. It was recommended by a friend of mine and I went there one night. Drinks were great though.
Don't let the outside fool you. Copper Door bar is a kick ass place if your a football fan.  A buddy of mine that i work with brought me to this neighborhood bar of his years ago. It's pretty much your typical hole in the wall neighborhood bar. But this place is filled with good natured and good hearted people. If your a Bears Fan, there's a section of Bears fans there. If your a Browns fan. There is a guy who every Sunday comes with his Browns helmet, sports towel, jersey, and any other Brown stuff you can think of. Sets it up in a corner and cheers on his Browns like there the #1 team in the league. Despite how rowdy the crowd might seem there. they are all pretty friendly there. They're just passionate about their teams. But everyone is all smiles and laughs. Don't be surprise if someone buys you a drink there just because they are in a good mood. The bartenders are all cool as hell. They make good drinks and there alot cheaper then some of the other places people go to have a drink. You can get a long island ice tea there for $5. There are TV's all over the place with all the games on. There not huge TV's and they aren't the sharpest HD's. But the experience at Copper Door on Football Sundays out weights the TV's. Besides after awhile most of people are drunk and don't care. There is always free popcorn to be consumed. I'm not going to lie though. That popcorn is going to kill someone in there one day. Don't be surprised if you look around the bar and see people gagging on that damn popcorn. There was few times i thought i was going to die on the floor at that bar choking on that popcorn. That would've been a sad way to go.  They also have free biscuits and gravy on Sunday mornings. You can only get it if you buy a drink. They are always having free food there for some reason. When someone has a birthday party there. The people always invite other people to have some of the food after the initial party guest had their food. The Copper Door has karaoke on Friday nights as well. Make sure you bring cash. As they don't do debit or credit. Just good ole American cash.
Truly a neighborhood bar. Didn't know anyone here, and didn't leave without catching  everyone's name. Maybe not as wide of a beverage selection as the pizzeria-turned-bar in the same lot, but definitely lots more fun. Will return.
This bar is AWESOME! Great people, wonderful staff, very open excepting loving neighborhood people. I walked into that bar 2 years ago with my sister in law. One of the regulars bought us a pitcher.... And didn't try to get in our pants! Lol he just wanted us to feel welcome and have a good time. The bar tenders are great, fun and friendly. I've brought so many different types of people here and have NEVER had a bad time. I guess I am a regular now!
so let's upate....see the last review was 3yrs ago !! NOT FOR OUTSIDERS !! must have been a new neighbor...who wrote that dribble...very small ..unclean..dark unfriendly .thats the patrons ! And the hole in the wall! ...bartenders  are good and drinks wonderful as for the  karaoke guy he is Rude aggressive toward females must be a  foreigner. lets face it anyone they dont know having a goodtime they turn up there snobbish noses (ladies) and the guys follow along .
Bar Rescue where R U! last reviews 2010 2011 2012? drops off ...hello not a happy place. too neighborhood ..drinks have gone to SH*T ..too! or it was bartender?
Great neighborhood sports bar! Ton of tv's, pool table, shuffleboard, darts, all the regular bar game machines and great down to earth people. Nothing pretencious here. The beer is ice cold and the drinks are VERY reasonably priced. They have an ATM for convienience too if you don't have cash. They do kareoke on the weekends and you don't have to be a rockstar to have fun. The owners are very nice and interact with their patrons very nicely. They are an Iowa Hawkeyes bar when it is college football time and get a big turnout of fans from all teams. All around fun neighborhood place to hang. Kind of a "Cheers" atmosphere if you are familiar with the old sitcom.
I've been here about a dozen times and it used to be decent, but this ultra mega bitch bartender has ruined it for me.Last 3 times I've been there she always leaves the bar to go out and smoke and talks with all the regulars. I get it..it's a local dive bar and you chat with the regulars, but you disrespect anyone new. We asked for another beer and she sighed bc apparently she wanted to go home. Other night someone threw up in the bathroom so she flipped and kicked everyone out of the bar. My friend and her got in a fight bc she was telling him he needed to finish his beer. Cash only? Yup. Place sucks, don't go.Probably one of the worst bars I've ever been to.
I've only been here once but thoroughly unimpressed. When we walked in the bartender was outside smoking and told us she would "be right in." We waited several minutes before she returned, seeming annoyed. She then left once again to go smoke. After the first pitcher we asked to order another and she audibly signed
Pretty good deals for happy hour.  The bar looks real busy with tvs and tall tables.  Beer's are a little too pricey for it being in Peoria Arizona.
Having been only to the Tempe McDuffy's (which has since closed) I wasn't expecting much out of this one.  Stopped by for a few drinks after seeing a Spring Training game and it is much bigger than it's Tempe counterpart.  And a lot cleaner too.  

Recently I went there on a Saturday night with some friends and experienced the "club" side of this place.  I didn't drink to much because I went a little overboard on the predrink beforehand, the beers were a little overpriced but that was no surprise.  Overall I prefer the relaxed Happy Hour McDuffy's....
Drinks can be pricey, the place can get packed on weekend nights.  Sometimes people get out of hand but the bouncers are pretty attentive.  However, ladies nights are great, especially if you get on their VIP list.  It's a fun place if you're looking to dance and have fun but I wouldn't make it a regular place.

*Note, I've only been here during "club" hours so I have no idea what their food or other atmosphere is like*
Dipped in here with large group of baseball players after their tournament for some drinks, food and cool air. After spending about 8 hours on the padres fields there in Peoria it was time for some cold drinks in an air conditioned building. 

We were appropriately seated in the area with lots of booths, long tables perfect for large groups, and all the TVs we could possibly want (and empty). We had great servers who got everything right!!! There were tons of beers and non-alcoholic drinks all around and it was happy hour, so tons of low cost appetizers. The food was typical bar food (for appetizers). There were lots of choices and lots of southwestern/mexican choices on the menu. 

The setup of the place is great. It is about two stories with open ceiling. It makes the place feel very large. The TVs are huge and different sports on each tv. The place is very clean and the staff is very nice. I would recommend going here if you are in the area, want some cheap happy hour food, and just want to watch some sports. It also seems like there are tons of special events at this place. There is a calendar that seems never ending.
Hit up this joint a couple times while in town for Padres spring training the past several years .. it's great sports-theme hangout for large groups .. plenty of TVs, service is very good, food is decent, big variety of drinks .. but it can get a bit pricey here for a casual place.

Location is convenient for those hanging out in the franchise capital of the world--Peoria.
As a sports bar, it does the job but it is too crowded on NFL Sundays and you can't get a place to sit much less stand. The food is much better than Fox n the Hound.  Since there is no nightlife in Glendale, McDuffys serves as a pseudo-night club. 

I'm only writing this review in case some urban youth moved here from LA or Seattle to attend Midwestern or Thunderbird and is looking for some nearby night life. If you are one of these people, don't go here. The crowd is trashy. The guys are a bunch of meatheads, good ole boys and gangbangers who get into fights. The "ladies" are a bunch of single moms, married women w/rings off and tough chicks.   I know I'm going to offend 99% of the peole reading this because they can relate to the above but again this review isn't designed for you.

Let me describe the typical McDuffy's patron: jeans, flip flops, tight t-shirt, backwards Steelers or Packers hat with Oakleys on them, goatee and huge arms with Japanese lettering tattoo with words that mean nothing. They pull up in a navy blue Dodge Ram hemi truck with pitch black tinted windows.  Ladies, if that's what you want, this place is pefect for you.

I preferred the Tempe version. Sure it was not nearly as nice as this one but at least that one was a legitimate college bar. This is a place for 30 year olds who work at LA Fitness, Black Angus and Cosco and who want to act like they are in college.
This club was really creepy. 

Aside from the impressive two story set-up with pool tables and  loungey space upstairs, I was not impressed. Our group was really out-of-place. Our ladies weren't dressed sleazy or tacky enough with cheapy slutty clothing. And our guys weren't dressed generically enough (think black/white mall-wear). Drinks were much weaker than the previous establishment we went to (Fox and Hound).

Ahh, the things I will do for friends. Going to Mc Duffy's for a friend's birthday night out is one of those gestures. My McDuffy's good deed has me off the hook for another year I suppose. I was actually having more fun at Fox and Hound and wish we had stayed there.

An extra star for the doorman knowing one of the girls in the group, letting the guys in our group bypass the $10 cover. $10 too much in my opinion.
For the most part, its a decent restaurant, decent prices, good atmosphere, hot babes on the weekends etc, etc. 

If your into dancing and sharing bodily fluids (Friday-Saturday), then this place is perfect for you. They have off-track betting and a bunch of T.V.'s (their placement isn't optimal unless you sit at the bar or are partially deformed). If you want to go check out the MMA fights there then this is not the place to go. Seating is now reserve only, so good luck trying to watch the fights there, and the waitresses can be pretty mean.


Last note, If you sit on the southernmost part of the bar there is a good chance that you can see up the skirt of one of the 2 chicks that dance there in the evenings, and they are well aware of the situation.
Great for sporting events and MMA fights for sure. They have upwards of 100 televisions, including huge projection screens, perfect for Sunday football. 

Their food menu goes beyond the generic "bar food" you would see at most places like this. They have a good Mexican portion of the menu, burgers, salads, steak, chicken, past, wings, and my fave the Spinatch and artichoke dip. They have food and drink specials all through the week, with a special Fish-Fry on Friday nights. 

I have been there on occasion on club nights, Wednesday-Saturday, and it gets pretty packed. They have a nice VIP and lounge area up stars, where my friends and I usually would hang out. There are also two smoking patios, one up stairs and one down. 

Over all this place is pretty good, friendly staff and lots of room. I would recommend this to anyone! Enjoy!
Sunday morning is football time right? 

We went to Mcduffys to get out of the house and let the wife and kids take control of the remote. There were 4 of us, so we quickly grabbed the "lounge." It is a small 7x12 section on top of the stairs that has lounge swivel type chairs and two tv's. 

We had a few drinks and some food while watching the game. It was really comfortable and i enjoyed the space. 

The food was great. I had a burger which is a hand pattied 1/2 thick cooked to perfection with cheese, let and tom on a toasted bun. The server forgot to bring any mayo or mustard etc. It was still great. They serve it with frys and they were good too. 

The prices were average but since the food was good it was worth it.
Sports bar with the usual rowdy crowd, fried food and such, and underskilled but attractive waitresses.  Prices seemed high compared to other offerings in the area, but I suppose this is par for the course when it comes to places like this.  You're paying for the scenery, whether it be the ladies or the TV's.  Outside on the front there's a front deck that is "netted" in, almost as if to remind people that a lot of animals drink here.  Sigh...
We come here about once or twice a month for happy hour or to catch a game. Great happy hour specials and there are tons of tv's to watch. I especially like it for the off track horse race betting. Since I don't spend all of my money on food and beer, I have a little extra to gamble away.
okay sports bar...over all food good.  Prices higher than what you would expect.  Cover charge too high for a sports bar on weekend nights.  Expect the typical bar  weekend night crowd - you'll have your share of idiots and fights - just like most bars when the night goes on. But it is something to do if your in the area and want to just hang
Great neighborhood place. Lots of TVs. Great place to watch the game.
I do like visiting this place after work to wind down. The atmosphere is great, the food is pretty darn good, but the staff isn't all it is cracked up to be. Don't get me wrong, they are nice girls, but just a little slow at times... Okay, I am being nice. They are pretty slow most of the time but some can carry a pretty good conversation. I do love the popcorn chicken mixed in the teriyaki and buffalo sauce. Mmmm, mmm good!
We had a GC that was expiring that night so we ran in for a quick dinner. Both had beers, the beers were great , the moldy oranges on the rim were not. Megan was our waitress and she was great and even joked around a little with us and that was nice. I think we ordered way wrong on the food as the reviews on here are raving about the burgers, had the chicken Parmesan and wow what a hot mess that was, straight tomato paste out of the can over linguine noodles and some chicken tenders cut up and mixed throughout.  This dish should be taken off the menu or worked out. Had a dinner salad as well, nothing special here but the ranch was good. Dont think we would go back.
RIP McDuffy's, thanks for the good and the bad!
Cute setting, good service.  Salad bar was ok.  The beef vegtable soup was delicious & I think homemade.  Philly Steak sandwich was tender and delicious.  The country fried steak was tender and the best I've ever had.  Conversely their prime rib is the worst anyone in our family has ever had.
Worst food in 2011, and that includes food trucks and fast food. It looked like an old place that had been around a long time, and I usually have good luck with places like that - not htis time. I had the "samon fillet" which was extremely dry and tasteless - I have had beef jerky with a higher moisture content - the best thing on my plate were the soggy unseasoned canned greenbeans. My wife got the liver and onions, and no one was able to eat two bites - dry, gritty, horrible. One of my sons had the fried shrimp special, and that was the only OK plate (and the only one in the family that actually finished his dinner) - it was just typical deep fried shrimp from a bag of frozen, but at least it was not scr*wed up. I noticed that there were many more people in the bar than the dining section, so the drinks may be OK, but I will never try the food again.
LOVE-LOVE this bar, it's my kind of place!

Great drinks and awesome service. Food was pretty good too, I really enjoyed the Salad bar.  We ordered a Ribeye, and while it wasn't the best I ever had I didn't have any complaints either.
Potato salad is delicious. Nachos were really good. This place was a pleasant surprise. Service was very efficient and friendly.
WORST. RESTAURANT. EVER.  Mediocre atmosphere (at best), 1/4" thick (at most!) tv-dinner "ribeye",  frozen corn, probably frozen prepared potato, and to say it had a tv-dinner flavor would be a compliment.  We picked up McDonald's on the way home, seriously.
I have had many different experiences in little restaurants that are kitchy and just off the main road. Sometimes they are awesome. This one, not so much. The service was fine and the decor was expectedly kitchy, however the food...was just bland. 

My sandwich might have been the spiciest thing on the menu, Sarah had enchiladas which were sooo bland it was kind of a shock. Not sure if there how there would be a lack of good Mexican food here in Occupied Mexico, I can only imagine it has something to do with the giant 'anti-Obama' signs just down the road. Oh well, lickily there are other good places to eat in Wickenburg. 

I did hear another couple discussing how good the prime rib was. It is prime rib though..how difficult is that?
This place is a cool old bar. The staff was friendly and the beer was cold but the food is very average. We recently stopped in and ordered ribeye steak. The steak was okay but not good or great. For the price, it was very thin, maybe a half inch thick at the most. I would expect more for the money. I would eat here again, but probably not before I try other restaurants in town first.
I went on a Saturday around 6 PM and was in and out in 45 minutes with four people in my party. So basically, it's fast service. 

The food was pretty good, I got the O'aces Sampler and it was a lot of food. Food prices were decent, most meals were either $10 or $13. Also, they accept Restaurant.com coupons. 

Service was great because they weren't busy and food was good.
We've been to O'Aces at both Rainbow and Decatur, and really liked both for the more-than-decent food and the low prices.  Tonight I met up with my husband for a quick bite at the Rainbow venue.  We no longer had any Restaurant.com coupons, but knew they served till late and the prices were reasonable.  We both wanted the Asian Chicken Salad. 

It was a little past 9 p.m., and we entered to find the bar completely empty - strange for a gambling joint.  We walked past that to the restaurant area, where not a soul had survived.  It should have been an omen.

Imagine our shock when the waitress handed us a menu that said "Angelina's Kitchen."  Who the hell is Angelina, and why is she hanging out at O'Aces?  Sadly, O'Aces is no more, as far as food goes.  No more Asian Chicken Salad big enough to feed half of China.  Or anything else that was remotely reminiscent of the O'Aces of old.  This was Italian.  Or Italian wannabe.  I could tell, because I'm pretty smart.  Angelina is an Italian name.  And that's where the resemblance ends.

I had a hard time deciding what to order, mainly because I wasn't prepared for Italian food.  Not that I've ever been known say no to good Italian food, but I just kinda had a feeling...

Hubby ordered the Greek Salad with chicken (he must have had a feeling, too).  Nothing, but nothing was appealing to me, so I settled on just a sub, or hoagie, or hero, or grinder, or whatever the heck they call it in Vegas, where everyone comes from somewhere else.  Roast beef.  I pointed to it while I ordered it, and the waitress saw me point.  She also agreed to substitute provolonefor the white American cheese.

What seemed like an eternity later, she came out bearing two plates, and said "Be careful, the plates are VERY hot."  I thought that was strange:  why would a Greek salad and a roast beef sub be hot?  She put my plate down in front of me, and I stared at a huge mound of brown glop.  What the hell was it????  And then I realized that she brought a HOT, barbecued roast beef, from the LEFT side of the menu.  I guess she was dyslexic, or whatever they call people who SEE things on the left, even though they're looking at the right.  And I never did find out why the Greek salad was also on a hot plate (though DH did like it, despite the fact that his chicken looked to me like it was straight from fridge to plate without a chance to breathe).

The waitress apologized profusely, and as much as admitted that it was her mistake.  While she was changing my order, I occupied myself with one of those Wet Naps I always carry from the casinos, trying in vain to scrub the barbecue sauce off my fingers.  Just a little bit got on my hand accidentally, because there was just so much of it oozing all over that plate, and it was the stickiest bbq sauce I've ever encountered.  It must have had enough sugar to send a diabetic into a coma.

I should have cut my losses right there.  She brought the cold roast beef and prov sub, and then I learned the reason for all the sauce on the hot one:  it was to disguise the taste of the roast beef, which was arguably the worst I've ever encountered in my life.  It had no taste of roast beef, just salt and sour.  As in SOUR.  The roll was soft, as a sub roll should not be, very white, and completely tasteless.  I eighty-sixed the roast beef, and had a provolone and tomato sandwich on half the doughboy roll.  The cross-cut fries (which she and the menu called CRISS-cut), were okay.

Apparently, Angelina now makes her home at every one of the restaurants formerly known as O'Aces. (Though the bar is still called that.   I, for one (really two, if you count my husband) will stay home.  All the better to devote my time to writing witty and snappy reviews for good restaurants that deserve them.
This place (Angelina's) Suck! My children wanted cheese fries one night and I remembered we had a flyer from one of there employees sticking it on my door so I decided to order from there... We ordered 3 cheese fries, they delivered in roughly 30 minutes... They were hot and loaded. Really good. So I thought ok I may have something good here Plus they have no minimum delivery. A few weeks later I got a craving for a burger and omg there Burgers are DRY, plain and boring with pathetic lettuce. So I said ok, no biggie I know not to order burgers from there. Another few weeks later my husband decided he wanted there all white pizza or whatever the greasy greasy thing is called, It's safe to say that thing is gross, if you don't roll it up to squeeze the 8 ounces of grease out you will be on your way to an heart attack... Once again I know not to ever order pizza from this place. So again, Weeks later I get a craving for some cheese fries with sour cream and jalapenos... I ordered it they delivered it... Omg... What the hell? No sour cream, cheese was cold and dry underneath the cold hard you know what fries! I was pissed... How dare they Jack up my craving? I will never ever ever ever ever order from this place again nor look at it when I drive by. It's crap.
Great bar, great restaurant, great decor...and bring an expense account, you'll want someone else to pay!  Live music can be a bit loud sometimes, but great Mojitos, Camparinhas (sorry for the spelling, my Portugese is weak)...
As M.P. said...it's nice to have someone else foot the bill when you eat here.  However...it was worth it!  I had tuna steak, cooked to almost-raw perfection and my date had the Kobe steak....after trying his, I almost wished I had ordered that...delicious!  Great wine list, nice appetizers, my only complaint is that the tables are so close together!  I almost felt like I was a part of the conversation that was going on next to us.  I can't wait to go back!
Griping about prices in the same review that one raves about Kobe beef and cooked to perfection Ahi tuna is contrarian. Kobe style beef and Ahi tuna are about as expensive as food can get, even before they're cooked! 

Prices at Restaurant Magnus are not out of line with Madison's other top notch restaurants. And frankly, this is one of the ones you'll want to support. These guys arent running to the bank or hiding out in Barbados with your hard earned cash, they are paying the best farmers and producers in the area for locally raised, sustainable or organic foodstuffs whenever possible. Its the kind of place where the dude dropping off his pallette of microgreens might stick around for a locally brewed beer.

That said....

The other Magnus reviewers do have a point, the restaurant is more expensive than many places in this fine, very cluttered culinary city. Its forunate that so many Madisonians (and visitors) love to dine out here. These folks love to dine out so much, in fact, that whenever anything new opens up, everybody will check it out at least once before returning to their usual haunts. 

With so many places popping up here all the time, it takes awhile to get back to the places that are truly on top. Its an unfortunate paradox for Magnus that they should have to compete with a pile of restaurants whom they completely out class. 

Still revolving around the price door...

If you're concerned about it, dine in the lounge, snag tapas at the bar or drop in late night for a couple of bites. You can fill up no problem at a market rate comparable to the rest of the city's nightspots (sans a slice) and benefit from a killer line up of live music both local and global - often eclectic and brilliant at least once a week. Not to mention professional, knowledgable service (yes, even in the bar) and a killer list of cocktails. (Many have gone green bouncing back between sweet and sour batidas and rich chocolate martinis).

If you give these cats a chance, they'll be sure to guide you to whatever's hot in the Mad city. Ask for Christopher and he'll be sure to tell you about something or another.

... ill get to the food in more detail in the future...
Unexpected tango night left me confused and in the arms of an out-of-town octogenarian. Nonetheless, I found my bearings well enough to enjoy the excellent wine selection and chimi-churi.
In one word, FANTASTIC.

One of Madison's better restaurants in the Tribeca area (I still LAUGH OUT LOUD at Madison's attempt to be tres cool and call their TRIangle BEhind the CApitol Tribeca, but hell... I'll go along with it).  The decor is very "cove-esque", exposed brick, old paintings.  The dining area is a wee bit small, and sometimes the dances that the wait staff have to do in order to get us the delicious appetizers is quite uncanny, but my GOD, the bread is scrumptious, their seasonal soup and salad is ALWAYS a hit, and it's the only place yet that I've eaten okra and loved it.  OKRA I TELL YOU.. YES.. en par with Brussell sprouts, but it's fantastic.  For meat eaters (this IS an Argentinian restaurant) evidently the meat selection is good... This veg head wouldn't know... All I DO know is that everytime work takes me out here for a dinner, I never miss the opportunity... he he..

Also, their lounge always features great music, and paired with a Kir Royale and a cheese platter, you can make sure your night will be "Inolvidable"...
This is one of Madison's hip and equally delicious restaurants.  The first time I visited was for a work function, and man oh man, was it ever good.  We were seated in a private dining room that looked like something right out of the Mediterranean - terra cotta walls, warm glowing light, regional music - and we noshed on jumbo shrimp cocktail, Spanish cheeses, unlimited bottles of smooth red wine, seared Salmon, and an individual key lime pie that was ah-mazing!  The second time, my boyfriend took me there for our anniversary on NYE and it was just as amazing - I forgot how good the complimentary crusty bread with chimichurri sauce was!  I could not stop eating it, though I new I had to save room for the best salmon I have ever tasted.  It is cooked and spiced just perfectly.  Sometime I must return to try the tapas, as the menu looks unbelievably good.  Enjoy this place on a special night out!
Grade: Pure Evil

At least I lost 10 pounds when I got a parasite from the undercooked duck. The nastiest calamari ever. Maybe they eat it that way in Japan. I live in Madison. Jerks.
This is another place that came highly recommended by EVERYBODY. Definitely one of the best places in town. How would I describe it.......Fine Dining with Brazilian Flare? They have a full dinne menu, and a tapas menu, with a sort of South American flavor. Restaurant can be dark, as they are going for the "nice dinner vibe" for sure. Great wine menu (which is important) with lots of NorCal being represented. I had the rack of lamb, which was a special that night, and it was good, but I really wanted to order the Kobe steak. Not much else to say really, as I will let the food speak for itself. Definitely in the top 3 in terms of restaurants in the city, and year after year this place consistently turns out great food.
Went there for the first time 3 weeks ago. I had been meaning to go down for a while because i'm a jazz lover and my jazz piano teacher Tim whalen used to perform there every week. Anyways, it was a friend's birthday and we went there a party of 6. First thoughts was..this is an expensive place. But it is worth every single dollar spent. I won't go into details about the menu as others have touched on it before. Service was quick and the courses were spread out nicely (i just hate it when some places just rush out orders so much so that you have plates waiting to be eaten on the table ).  We had oysters and some ahi tuna concoction that was the special for the day for appertizers,  the ahi tuna steak and the porterhouse steak for main courses.  The only thing i can say is awesomeness. the tuna was the freshest i've tasted in a long time.....the chef seems to have a tendency to slightly under cook the tuna but is able to pull it off as it accentuates the freshness of the ingredients. My friends who had the steak had nothing but praises for it. We skipped desserts as we were overly zealous on the bread so i've got nothing on that. Another plus point is that they feature live music and some decent jazz acts. I talked to the manager after and apparently they fly in their tuna direct from Hawaii every friday, i believe him as i have just nothing but praise for the fish, Must go place! (if you have a lot spare cash in your pocket)
Cheers
Excellent for the following:
-fine dining experience - I've enjoyed the oysters, tapas menu, entrees, excellent wine list and atmosphere
-live music and drinks - Caipirinhas, Pisco Sours, great Jazz

Tip for those watching the wallet: the bar menu is pretty good and much less expensive than the dining room.
I wanted to like this place more than I did. With the word "great" in the name it sounded like just the spot for us.  And since it was recommended by the hotel's concierge and it was only a block away, Restaurant Magnus got our visit.

You can order off the tapas menu or go a more traditional route.  We did both- ordering fresh oysters, xinxin and soft shelled crab off the tapas menu, and then our entrees of salmon and steak off the regular menu.

The oysters were from Vancouver and New Zealand tonight.  They were ok but were lacking that fresh salty flavor of my preferred East Coast oysters.  

Interested in knowing what xinxin is?  Well it's kind of a stew with shrimp, chicken, chorizo and beef in a coconut milk sauce and cashews.  Very odd combination of flavors, I am still not sure if I liked it.  

Hands down, the soft shell crab was the best thing of the night- served over a salad with mustard dressing and roasted tomatoes.

The entrees were pretty to look at but there was a lot going on and the flavors were almost too complex.  The salmon had a shellfish mousse on top and was served with corn and a black bean relish.  My rib eye steak was served with warm potato salad and coated with a spicy sauce that was almost BBQ like.  

The wine list is pretty extensive with a wide range of wines by the glass.  Service was spotty as the place was packed and we often had to flag our server down and this was on a Monday night!

If I were to go again- I'd probably just grab a table on the outdoor patio or at the bar- and enjoy a glass of wine with some of their amazing bread and their selection of Spanish cheeses.  And with the live jazz playing in the background, I'd be in the perfect place.  Who needs xinxin anyway?
[Saved for posterity, 2008]

My favorite Madison fine dining establishment, hands down.  Magnus goes for an Argentine/South American cuisine bent, and does so admirably.  The locally-sourced meats and produce, however, make one feel good about supporting the establishment.  The vibe is noisy and raucous and there is often jazz or other well-chosen music playing the bar area.  The two dining areas have a cavernous feel, lending to the South American atmosphere, but can also feel appropriately intimate when the mood is right.  

Dinner always starts off with fresh bread and a delicious chimichurri sauce, and don't forget the wine list, which is extensive and reasonably priced.  Service is excellent; the waitstaff is pleasant and helpful.

I have never had a bad meal, nor experience, at Magnus.  Love it.
I love this place... the atmosphere, the food, the bar and live music. We had our rehearsal dinner here, the staff was amazingly helpful. Prentice knows his stuff and was able to help us pick out a fantastic menu and wines. 40 people (wedding party and out of town guests) fit comfortably in the Tortuga room, and the night went on without a hitch - which is more than I can say for the wedding. The constant topping off hurt us a little bit when the final bill came, but in the grand scheme of the cost of a wedding it was worth it. Everyone had a fantastic time, and we got tons of compliments on the dining choice. We look forward to going back to Madison and the Magnus for our anniversary. 

Try the Tres Leches, it is amazing!
I have visited Magnus as both a bar and restaurant increasingly frequently in the last year, and it shines on both counts.

 As a restaurant, it's not exactly the sort of place to have a casual dinner-- at least not in terms of price. That said, the food is quite good, even if one doesn't care that the beef was raised with tender, loving care by a den of Amish virgins, or whatever the claim may be. The proprietor, Christopher, is usually present and he's quite attentive to patrons, especially to large groups armed with corporate credit cards. 

Christopher and his brother started the local Barriques wine store chain, and Magnus' wine selection benefits greatly from that fact. More than a few wines are available by the glass. Appetizers can be a bit lacking if you're not a fan of goat cheeses (served with communion wafer-like crackers) or raw seafood. As for entrees, I recommend the Ahi tuna, the NY steak, and the duck. The desserts are great, regardless of what you choose. Dinner for two with entrees and desert and a medium-priced bottle of wine will cost between $160 and $200.

More often than not, I find myself patronizing Magnus as Madison's classiest live music venue. Though most would consider it a jazz bar, I've heard everything from swing to rockabilly to blues. I would argue that Magnus has the best physical bar in town, and the room evokes a feeling of warmth, class, and good cheer-- the crowd tends to be a little older, but even the college kids are mature and respectful. The drink menu may be a bit sparse on specialty martinis and cocktails, but there is little that the bartenders cannot whip up if you ask them.

Waiter service can be a little on the slow side, but generally there are only two waiters on staff covering both the bar and the restaurant, so delays are somewhat understandable. I recommend a seat at the bar-- the bar staff is attentive and when a band is playing, it's the best place to sit without losing your hearing.

Be warned, most acts will charge you a cover between $5 and $7, unless you arrive at the bar early enough; I'm not sure if the cover still applies if you wander in from dinner, but the staff is watching for those who sneak in under the guise of having late-night dessert . Also, because so much of the bar scene at Magnus revolves around the live music, the bar tends to clear out when the act is over, which is usually around midnight.

Magnus is a great place for a formal dinner or for taking a date out for drinks. Start the night out at the bar here, then make your way down to Natspil on King St or Maduro on Main St afterward.

Ciao!
I realized I didn't update this review for our Anniversary, and I wanted to. 

Love the service, everyone who works here is spectacular, and the service always is. Love the bread with the chimi-churi dip. Seriously, this dip is so amazing! 

Had the special which was Kobe beef fillet with this what can only be described as amped up mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was the most amazing thing I have ever eaten. It was pasta with smoked Gouda, truffles, prawns, OMG decadent and delicious. I wished it was an entree and I could have eaten more. If you ever go here and they have anything like that as the special, get it. GET IT! I swear, I was raving about it for days.
Fantastic service. Amazing food, even more amazing when someone else is picking up the check.
I've only ever gotten the tapas here, but they have always been very tasty. Some day I want to try an entree. Their drinks are great too. If you haven't been here yet, you should definitely go sometime.
This review is for the new Magnus:
Old Magnus, why did you go away? And why did you take the tasty chimichurri with you? Coming to Magnus (and paying the bill) is for special occasions. The new, updated Scandinavian menu leaves a lot to be desired. I found a few things on the menu that sounded interesting, but I will be okay without ever going back to try them. The menu is heavy on smoked and salted fish, per the Scandinavian tradition. The focaccia has even been replaced with rye bread. The bread is okay, but it's no where close to comparable. The one thing that didn't change with the Scandinavian overhaul is that the service is still very inattentive. 
Maybe this place would have gotten 3 stars if I hadn't ever been to the old version of Magnus. But I have. And I miss it.
Wicked place! Not quite sure with what the string of poor reviews is about, but maybe they've improved things since? The food and drink were excellent. I'm not gonna get into detail about why it was great, it just was. My ol' lady n' me... we know when we like something. Anyhow, the only thing lacking in this experience was the service. If I'm spending money like one should at Magnus, I expect service to be with it and involved. I'm not sure if our server was on a different planet last night, or if she maybe isn't happy about high check averages and good tips. I'm not looking for handjobs under the table, nor am I asking for a topless dance on my table, but for frick sake, let's actually act like we want to be there. I've had better service at Monty's Blue Plate... all it takes is a smile, and perhaps the idea that you care about our experience.

We'll be back, we definitely will, but I hope service steps up their game.
I'm a fan of the Magnus, and I've been itching to try it again since switching over to their "new Scandinavian" menu.  My husband and I went for dinner last weekend, and we were not disappointed.  We arrived relatively early for a Friday night, so we decided to sit at the bar and have a cocktail before moving on to dinner.  We both had speciality cocktails - The Finn's #7 Cup (gin, vermouth, Lillet, and St. Germain garnished with sliced cucumbers and green apples) for me, and the New Style Old Fashioned (Jack Daniels, SoCo, ginger, and gingerale) for the husband.  Both were delicious.  The addition of ginger to the old fashioned gave it a zip that it doesn't normally have.  The Finn's #7 Cup was light and refreshing, and made me wish that it was July instead of November because it was a drink that I think would be best enjoyed out on the patio on a beautiful summer evening.  While our bartender was a little slow, the drinks made up for the misstep in service.

We ordered the house special appetizer of the night, which was a home cured pastrami made of grassfed beef ribeye prepared as a carpaccio topped with shaved truffles served with homemade crackers, sweet grainy mustard, and I think saurkraut.  The curing of the pastrami was just right - light enough to retain the texture of a carpaccio yet still tasting like pastrami.  

We had the caraway seared venison with venison carpaccio and the cocoa nib cured wild boar tenderloin for our entrees.  When we ordered, I asked the waitress how the venison tenderloin would be prepared, and she replied that the chef sears it to medium rare.  I usually like my red meat very rare, but I went with medium rare based on her recommendation.   And, while it was medium rare, it was still more well done than I would have liked.  Next time I won't second guess myself.  But the venison carpaccio made up for it.  It was melt in your mouth smooth, and the ligonberry syrup added a nice tartness to balance out all the meat.  However, the smoked gouda-egg flan was cold and gelatinous (in a bad way), and I could have done without it.

The wild boar was also cooked medium rare, and the cut of meat was perfection.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and perfectly delicious.  I would definitely order it again.

For dessert we went with the Magnus chocolates and a cheese plate.  The chocolates were your basic restaurant chocolate - absolutely fine, but nothing spectacular.  Same for the cheese plate, although the selection of Carr Valley's Cocoa Cardona to the plate was a nice complement to the rest of the meal.  We also enjoyed a delightful bottle of a bonarda/malbec blend with dinner.

Based on this experience, I'm very happy with Magnus's new menu, and I would recommed the Magnus as a great fine dining option in Madison.
I arrived in Madison late on a Tuesday in advance of a business meeting. I had read the mixed reviews about the new Scandinavian menu at Magnus and actually had decided to go someplace else. But my hotel was only 2 blocks away, and I decided to give it a try.

So here's my assessment. It's good. It's definitely not as bad as some of the other Yelp reviewers. But it's not really a rave place either.

So let's start with the food. As I've said, it was late. When I stopped in, I thought I probably would order off the bar menu. But the dining room was still serving, so I ordered off the dinner menu. But I wasn't starving. So I had a soup and starter. 

The soup was oxtail soup. It was very good. It was the evening special, and the server described mentioned horseradish as an ingredient. Well, let me tell you. There WAS horseradish in the soup. Now, I like horseradish. But if you were at all sensitive to spiciness, this would have knocked your socks off.

For my 'entree,' I ordered the smoked salmon and potato-bacon crepe. I wasn't sure what to expect from it, and it didn't disappoint. The crepe really was a thin crepe. I thought it might be more like a latke. (But that would be more Eastern European, not Scandinavian.) The smoked salmon was very good. It's just that the flavors together were sort of jarring. 

So, I don't know if ordering a soup and appetizer is a fair assessment of the food or not. But as my 3-star rating indicates, I thought it was OK. Not great, but OK. Truth is, I kinda miss the old menu, like many of the other Yelp reviewers.

Just a few other comments - I really love the decor. It reminds me of the 'cellar' cafes that my wife and I ate at in Poland a few years ago. And the music was very cool - French cafe music. (I used my new iPhone app, Shazam, to identify Rupa and the April Fishes as one of the more distinctive performers on the music mix that was playing the night I was there. I thought it was very entertaining.
fantastic restuarant.  Their staff is amazing in that they always have very very good wine suggestions, they know the menu inside and out and are always prompt and available when you need them.

The atmosphere is very cool.  They often update it with new interesting things, such as recently they added a bunch of industrial metal sculptures.  We really enjoy going in the summer when we can eat on their outdoor patio.

The food is historically extremely good, although I'm not a fan of the new scandinavian menu.  They have a full bar and they have one of the best wine lists in madison, although you'll pay for it.  These days we go here for drinks more often than the food just because of the scandinavian fare.

We've been to a few wine dinners here, they are flat out amazing.  We always make a point of going aside from the one time when ox-tongue was featured prominently.
The food here is amazing. I have now sampled several items from their menu, and nothing has disappointed at all. I love the fact that they have PBR on their beer menu for $2. It makes paying for the food a lot easier on a tighter budget. Anyhow, even though the food, the room, the atmosphere are all 5-star, service still really needs to step up its game. For the quality offered, and the justified price point, the quality of service still needs improvement. Now, not by any means is the service atrocious, it's actually pretty decent. I just expect a bit more when I'm paying this much. Whether it's spaciness or inattentiveness, it just takes away from what can and should be 5-stars all around. Nevertheless, I will be back soon!
We ate at Restaurant Magnus last weekend, it was my first time eating there. It was ok. I just wasn't that into the whole Scandinavian menu. For the same prices you could eat somewhere better in Madison (i.e Johnny Delmonicos). I had the tartare as an appetizer which tasted fine, and some sort of Scandinavian Chicken Breast as the entree. I chose the Chicken Breast dish because the other options included Wild Boar, Liver and Venison and didn't look all too appealing to me. Like I said the food was fine, but the whole Scandinavian menu is not really my favorite.
Want gourmet food on a bar food budget? Go to Magnus, eat at the bar (from the bar menu), have a drink with their ever friendly bartenders and try a few things. You'll be glad you did. We're talking $5-12 per plate.

Not on a budget? Eat from the regular menu in the dining room. It's almost always very good food but you pay for it.
More Fashionable than Tasty.
I consider myself reasonably well-versed in culinary experiences and concepts, but Magnus was a real disappointment for me. We went on a busy Saturday night, and were seated immediately which was nice. The decor is great, and the atmosphere is nice. However, I despise Maitre D's and servers who push expensive wine without solicitation, this happened 3 times, which is too many for one meal. I LOVE pricey wine, don't get me wrong, but I just wasn't in the mood and needed to get up early the next morning and they just wouldn't leave it alone. Annoying. More importantly,  the food was highly disappointing. They are working with world-class ingredients, and the chef is obviously creative, but my plate just did NOT work... the piece of Venison was exceptional and very well cooked, (if on the very rare side of medium rare, but I like that). BUT the puree was cold, and I had a raw egg on my plate which was also stone cold. the combination of that and over-garlicked spinach was really nausea-making. I HATED it and resented paying for it. My partner had the Boar, which again was superb quality, but the accoutrements were too many huge slimy mushrooms and made for an equally nauseous experience...hence the first line of my review.
Well, I was contacted by the owner after my review, and he explained all of my experiences and apologized. That says a lot about a business. Good for them.
Yep, it's on the elite list of quality fancy places in Madison.  

I had missed out on my bf's graduation dinner here and yearned to go myself for way too long after that.  Finally, for a birthday dinner he took me here, let's say 2008.

The place is really mellow, soft lighting, neat room with high ceiling, attentive service, the works.  It's one of those "sigh" places.  If you are in the mood for a little snobbery, go!
Restaurant Magnus is experiencing a renaissance of sorts.  After many years with great success focusing on South American fare as its theme, it has undergone a major transformation, with new leadership in the kitchen and a new image as a Scandinavian eatery.

While the dining room remains largely the same, save for the addition of an impressive wood gateway over the entrance to the main room, done in the style of a similar portal on a 12th Century Scandinavian church.  The wood is sleek, natural and mostly unadorned, setting the tone for Magnus's new culinary focus, led by Chef Nick Johnson.

Following a trend represented in some of the most successful restaurants in other large cities, Magnus's new menus has moved from rustic and rich of the south to the north's clean flavors of fresh, smoked, pickled and brine.  The standouts on the new menu are several, but the one dish I have ordered again and again is the starter of tuna served two ways: a raw tuna tartare dressed with cucumber dill and a cured tuna "ham," topped with a quail egg.  The duo is served on a piece of pink Himalayan salt, lending not only a dramatic flair to the presentation, but also the benefit of a wonderful natural salt flavor.  The gravlax and salmon caviar and the seafood plate are also standouts on the starters menu.

For mains, the choice is between water and earth.  There may be a tendency to overlook the seemingly quotidien salmon at first, but it is a delight - cooked to perfection and complemented with perfect, subtle flavors of dill and fennel. 

While the fish dishes are strong, Magnus still truly excels in its preparations of meats, and the choice really becomes one of personal preference.  The duck is always a wonderful option, and I tend to have to force myself to order anything else.  The wild boar is my dining partner's plate of choice, and is exceptional, every time.  Yet the venison, Kobe steak and Farmer's Market steak all provide their own culinary charms and character and are worthy of attention, as well.

The wine selection is excellent, and the knowledgeable, helpful and attentive waitstaff can assist in making an appropriate choice to accompany the meal.  Cocktails are also well-matched to the cuisine.

Magnus is one of Madison's finest dining experiences, rounding out an elite team of the best of the best.  Its new direction left some dubious, at first, but after a year and a half of fine-tuning, the time is right to experience upscale Scandinavian cuisine as interpreted by Chef Johnson, the Berge Brothers and Laura Jones.
Very enjoyable food, I'd say 4.6 stars to be more precise. The salmon and potato-bacon crepes were outstanding, as was the bite of potato terrine I tried. The main courses seem a bit salty for my taste, judging from the coriander duck breast and the few bites of rainbow trout I had, but at least the duck breast is full of flavor that overwhelms the saltiness. The bread and sauce was also very good, as was the French toast for dessert. The atmosphere is very pleasant, though its acoustics seems to make it quite loud when crowded.
I dined there on a friday night, the food was ok but nothing I would go back to again.  For the price, I would have expected it to be fantastic and it was just ok.  The atmosphere is amazing which is why I gave it 2 stars, if it wasn't for this I probably would have given it 1. The bread was served with some "duck fat" dipping sauce.  It literally tasted like the pan droppings of the thanksgiving turkey, disgusting.  Why would you serve duck fat???? I had the wild boar which was tastey but for the 5 peices of ham rolled in bacon and the 5 brussel sprouts for $29 left me hungry. Its just over priced!!!   Not really something you must see in Madison, I have been to a dozen other places that I actually crave and want to go back to.  I would pass if I were you!
Mmmmm my favorite!! So good and always a wonderful place to go have dinner.
It is unfortunate that this is closing, as it is the best fine dining in Madison.   I think that a lot of people don't recognize that they also have a smaller bar area with more affordable options that are excellent as well.
We decided to go to Magnus even after having heard that there had recently been an ownership and/or menu change. Although I was disappointed with the fact that my favorite appetizer (sushi tuna with seaweed salad) didn't survive the recent changes, it didn't make any difference. Everything we ate and the wine that we drank was outstanding. I had the rainbow trout, my girlfriend had the tuna steak, my dad had the kobe steak, and my friend had the duck. Everything was better than the last. The kobe steak melted in your mouth, and every entre was infused with delicious flavors and accompanied by delightful sauces. We also had raw oysters that my girlfriend, who is an oyster lover, claimed were the best she has ever had. Take all of this and mix a romantic atmosphere complete with live jazz music, we left with big smiles on our faces.
 
As we were leaving and complimenting the waiter about our experience, he warned us that the owners are planning on changing the menu and direction of the restaurant. It sounds like they are going to drop the high-end gourmet menu sometime in January, 2010, but the head chef will be the same. It sounds like things have gotten slow during the economic recession and the owners are tired of the gourmet market. I am very saddened by this and hope they change their mind. I highly recommend going to Magnus before the change not only to experience its brilliance before it's gone, but also to hopefully to encourage the owners to change their minds.
Sadly, Magnus will be closing it's doors for good after 12/31/10, according to one of their bartenders. Get there while you can.
Home of the Royal Pussy!!!! We will return any chance we can
Great Sports Bar not too far from where I stayed at while in Phoenix a few years ago. Nice service and staff, beer selection is great.
My car was in a shop nearby and I looked for the closest bar to wait it out.  I did meet some really friendly company in this place and ended up having a good time.  

First impression: the place is really really dirty.  I didn't want to drink out of my glass.  The bartender was MIA for the first 5 minutes and wasn't to quick to give me a refill either.  

I came here because the other person that reviewed this place said it was a great sports bar.  I think The Sixth Sense was on the small TV and the food... well, if I didn't feel comfortable drinking out of my pint glass, I sure as hell wouldn't eat there.
This is the kind of bar that everyone turns around to see who entered. Not comfortable atmosphere unless your from this side of town. Two small tv sets at bar and not much else.  Skiperooni.
Nifty oasis at The Clarendon Hotel in Phoenix. Sophisticated restaurant is paired with a slick bar. Good place to put on a low-key shine on Friday or Saturday night.
A cool moody bar hangout with an ecletic scene of characters? In Phoenix?   My baby's alls growns up now.
I stayed at the Clarendon on business a few weeks ago and my boss and I ate at Camus.  It was empty, due to the MNF game b/w the Bears and Cardinals, but the chef was really cool and made some great food.  The foie gras creme brule was rich and delicious, as was the polenta.

YUM!
Like the bar.  Did not experience the restaurant food or the music in the bar.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  

I did try the creme brulee...coconut creme brulee.  It was very good.  I had an extensive conversation with the chef regarding sushi -- he was previously a sushi chef.

If you go to the Clarendon's website, there are some great restaurant referrals in Phoenix.
Very cool place inside a very cool hotel that I never knew existed. 

The Clarendon is like the indie step-brother to the clean cut Valley Ho in Scottsdale. Which makes Camus the counterpart to Trader Vic's, an equally impressive but slightly more expensive alternative. 

The menu at Camus is flavorful and varied, with all sorts of influence from down home to panasian. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries and the tilapia wrap along with some sort of foreign beer for dinner. It's a can't miss.

What's most impressive about this place is that it's located in Phoenix. It serves as a testament that beneath its plastic surface, Phoenix is nurturing an independent and artistic scene that is quickly becoming recognizable and bordering on formidable in the national cityscape. 

Definitely a great stop for out of towners or naysayers: Phoenix is on the up and up!
i came after hours for drinks at the bar here after a biz party in the area. located in the Hotel Clarendon, which has been around for a very long time but has def gotten in a cool baby face lift recently.

the bar is uber chic but fun every once in a while for that scene. as an added note, the hotel is an important part of AZ history, as an Arizona Republic reporter was murdered in the parking lot, by car bomb, for his work covering the mob in phoenix (yes, phoenix in the 70s was run by a serious network of greedy officials with mob ties). he was the first American reporter to be killed on U.S. soil in retaliiation for his work. 
that is your AZ history lesson for the day. camus kicks ass, that is all.
Two words- grilled pears. In the words of Rachel Ray- YUMMO. Go here...you'll enjoy it!!!
Um...there's food?

After a hellish taxi ride from Tempe to Phoenix (note: the atm across the street at desert schools spits out a FIFTY DOLLAR BILL if you ask for 50 bucks!), I couldn't believe how close this hotel/bar is to my usual CenPho hotspots! 3rd Ave and Clarendon? That is spittin distance from the Chez Nous! But I mean..who like goes down 3rd Ave, you know?

A beacon of prettiness in the desert, I was ushered into a lounge/bar that was actually pretty small. The low ceilings give a cosy but kind of clausterphobic feeling. I asked for a drink from the bartender, a kind of recommendation or specialty he had, and that I liked Gin. Um..he had like nothing really to offer? And I ALWAYS get G&T, but so many people raved about this place I was like, C'MON there has got to be some kind of hot drinks this ultra-chic lounge serves? I ended up with this kind of lime rickey martini that normally has vodka and he replaced with bombay that was pretty bomb-and the drink WAS HUGE. And not too expensive if I remember correctly (and I don't-b/c I bought two of those and a JD shot that he had overflowing- a shot? more like a full frontal machine gun assault?) .

The stools were high and the booths were pretty comfy-although I TOTALLy had SwampAss (or Swass) when I got up. This place was crammed wall to wall with hot gay guys. I think I saw a couple ladies but they were there for a hot gay guys birthday party that we all sang to-so there you are. I finally staggered around the space and discovered what I guess is the restaurant where people eat food at normal not too fancy two seaters. We went outside to a tiny lil seated patio to see a nice sky and balcony.

I wanted to see more of the hotel and ended up getting cited for having my libation near the pool (whoopsy!), but I was so psyched for the retro yellow loungers (ca-yute) and look inside the lil hotel rooms where the knobs (hehe) have the Clarendon Hotel symbol.

I thought this place was super cute, and I wouldnt mind meeting for drinks to kick off the night or trying some of the food. But it wasn't the mind blowing experience I thought it would be?
A little piece of Scottsdale hotel bar minus the attitude....Review of drinks only....

I find this to be one of the better bars in Central Phoenix.  Trendy space.  Cool red lighting.  Great, friendly service.  Good drinks.  Not much to complain about here.  They actually have a modest yet cool drink list, but not much to offer regarding gin.  Sorry, gin lovers...lol.  Drinks are generous.  Bonnie could probably fit her face in a martini glass.

A friend who works in north Phoenix routinely recommends his discerning colleagues stay at the Clarendon.  Distance is not an issue, apparently. Not familiar with the hotel rooms ...although I've looked at the model rooms and they look WAY Gen-X chic.

I've been here on other occasions - last time was more of a gay crowd, (Thursdays are ad agency industry night) but other times - NOT at all.  That's part of the egalitarian Central Phoenix culture.  Not much of a surprise if you frequent places in the neighborhood.

Cute patio for smoking.  Good to note, post May 1,2007.
I don't share the enthusiasm for Camus as the past reviewers. While I agree with them on the food, it is top-notch, the service wasn't all that when I stopped in for dinner. 

We sat at the bar and were half-heartedly greeted by the bartender with an attitude. My friend loves Chambord so we asked him what he could make to which he rolled his eyes and only offered a French Martini. This was surprising because I had heard from friends how the bartenders were creative and extremely knowledgable. 

And although it wasn't crowded, it took an extra long time for us to receive our food. He didn't even bring our salads out first! He waited to bring them ourwith the main meals. 

I plan to give this trendy place a second change because I did love our entrees and everyone just raves about Camus. Hopefully the waiter from hell has moved onto work at Denny's.
g00d motr re virfeew when i sober up....


ok long story I found out this bar/food is now called C4 read the more sobered up review there...

VP
My boyfriend and I went here for a romantic dinner and it was awsome!  I would definitly go back.  Our service was excellent and the food was very good too.
Not a bad place to grab a drink if price is your concern. Food menu is slim and nothing was that good. We ordered:
sweet potato fries - good flavor, a bit limp, nice honey dip
onion rings - crispy, fried part fell off of the onions
spinach artichoke dip - liked the taste of it but there were HUGE artichoke chunks that were too big to eat

Popular place for karaoke, or at least it sounded like it.
Randomness walkin to a 9 piece brass band with crazy vocals.I couldn't believe that this was happening in in Vegas and on a wed. The bbq chicken pizza is sooooo good :) Beers offered small or large. :) great prices.
The food tastes delicious. Karaoke night was extremely fun. Just extremely LOUD. The prices for what you get are a little too much though.
Karaoke here is a joke. Well, let me specify that the karaoke DJ is a joke. The system they have (electronic database with tons of songs to pick) is fantastic. Could be a great time. BUT, when you go up to sing a song, the DJ back in his little booth also has a microphone and does not hold back even the slightest if he wants to sing a long with you. It turns into a duet... Actually more of a song battle. 

If that's not annoying enough, He'll live at random times to go hang out in the bar area, leaving the people that were supposed to be singing stuck on stage looking like fools as they wait for their song to start. 

The bar portion is decent. They have Mirror Pond on tap which is fantastic. But I come for the karaoke, which means I won't be coming anymore.
The band, Locomotives plays here once a month and it is hoppin.  There are two seperate places, one bar area and the other restaurant/lounge.
Hi,
The place is full of attitude, bad attitude!

The Food is marginal at best and definitely NOT wort the trip just to eat.  

At times the entertainment is good, Support your local Musicians.
Parking lot is a little sketchy, this place is for the older crowd clearly.  Went with my guy and he didn't feel quite welcome, said the joint was a bit rough. I didn't think anything of it, but there where some shady people hanging out on the patio where we were. We went back inside to the pool table area. In the next room over there was a karaoke thing going on, doors where closed so we could talk to each other. However people would constantly come out and leave the doors open so that the music and singer would drown the conversation. Place isn't bad but not the greatest place to hang.
I love this place everyone is so sweet and wonderful. Well return again and again. Prices are great as well
Late night bored and have a bit of courage, this place is one of If not the best place in town for karaoke. The food isn't bad either from their Buffalo chicken fingers and fries to their grilled cheese sandwiches the food is good enough to keep you around while you wait your turn to sing.
Wish I could give 0 stars.  It is clear that the good reviews are from staff. The place is as inviting as a bee hive just hit by a stick. Hopecit goes under so something decent can replace it.
Tucked away in Downtown Chandler, this new restaurant (open just two weeks as of the time I visited) is just getting started, but is already showing some fantastic promise.  

I got the Red Curry (with beef), which was as tasty as I've found at any local Thai place.  My wife had the Orange Chicken which she really enjoyed as well.  

(Our 2-year-old had macaroni and french fries; not much to comment on there, but I'm glad they had kid-friendly options!)

The interior itself is really great. Exposed brick, bold colors, antique decor, and carefully-chosen ornaments give it an Asian flavor while honoring the building's history.  I was glad to see that it wasn't the usual cheesy Asian decor found in a lot of restaurants.

We really enjoyed our time there, and I hope this restaurant gets a lot more attention as word gets around. 

Definitely worth checking it out.
Great atmosphere.  Hilarious menu text.  This place has real character and fantastic food to match.  The back patio is fabulous.
Ate here, nice joint, low key place to just chill and hang out....but the food wasnt very good. Most of the dishes we ordered were not very tasty.

Spice level was high--but other flavors were lacking.
Not impressed at all. This place was empty on a Friday evening and there is a reason. The decor is cool, but everything else is lacking. I ordered the "Dumps" dumplings, that were deep fried and store bought) and I felt sick the rest of the night. 
Next...
I originally thought this place would be a great weekend hangout. Went once and it was pretty good, went again and we sat for 15 minutes being ignored by multiple staff while they meandered around straightening table cloths and chatting. We tried to get their attention to no avail. We gave up and went somewhere else.
I gave it an extra star for being that funky in downtown Chandler.

We just had #evfn here last night. The on-staff crew gets a gold star for making accommodations for our big group. The original plan was for us to be on the back patio -- which looks friggin awesome -- but the Phoenix Winter Storm '10 forced them to wedge us inside. It all worked out quite well at the end.

I wasn't super hungry, so I had the Pho. Tasty. And with all the trimmings. Sheila enjoyed the sushi, both rolls that she said were good and sashimi which isn't her normal fare. And I assume her dirty, dirty, dirty martinis were good simply on the sheer volume she consumed. Good thing I stuck to club soda and drove her home.

This seems a perfect date and small group place. Plenty of nooks and crannies to lose yourself in. And the wait-staff gets high marks. We had a single server who did a great job with our crowd of about 30. Looking around the joint, plenty of other servers were hustling from table to table, and I didn't see anyone waiting long for checks and food beyond what you might expect for our group.

Well done, Siracha. We'll have to try another #evfn there in the spring and enjoy your patio.
The decor was nice... that's all.

My friends went here a couple weeks ago and gave praises to the food, atmosphere, and reverse happy-hour on Saturday. They wanted to go again this last Friday and I came along.

The atmosphere is really nice. I could imagine this being our new place to hang out for dinner and drinks. The menu was also very cleverly worded and reasonably priced. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to try anything.

We were the only table seated. There were a few people at the bar, in the karaoke room, and on the couches near the front. The dining area was basically empty. 

Our group of 4 was seated and we received our menus very quickly, but were then ignored for the next 15 minutes as the wait staff meandered around moving tables and repeatedly wiping them off. We're a patient bunch, but not with an empty dining room.

We all agreed to just get up and leave. I doubt we will be coming back.
Stumbled upon this place when we went to fabulous downtown chandler on a whim. Had some cool chill mood music playing that we heard from the sidewalk. Very cool place. We sat on the back patio, which was great. It kind of had a California vibe to it, with the ambience of "Tao" in Las Vegas. We like the exposed brick look outside.

  Our server Matt, was very helpful. A great place to hang out at although the night we went, it was slow. The cucumber Margarita was awesome. Went safe on the menu with the pepper steak. It was straight forward with simple flavors and just enough heat.  They also had a private karaoke room. Will definitely will be going back with "the gang".
This is a secret little place in downtown Chandler! It's Saturday night and has a great crowd, great music not so loud that you can't hear your friends! Perfect! The bartenders are friendly and provide generous pours! Don't miss out on this great little place!!! Check it out!
Very Sad to say, that it seems Siracha has closed for the time being. The windows are papered up & a note on the door says closed for two months. SAD.
This place is back open after a run in with the liquor board. 

I gave 4 stars on the condition that you go on Saturday night for happy hour.. 10pm-12am. Most appetizers (a small portion) are $1 and most drinks are half price.. Get the chilly willy.. trust me. YUM! 

The only app not included in happy hour are the Monkey Balls, which are listed as a salmon, cream cheese, coconut puff.. 6 big, two bite pieces for $8. Get them anyway.. 

We had five drinks, four $1 apps and the full price monkey balls and our total bill was $32. 

The thing that bumps it up to four stars is the decor.. Sooo cool.. We got there a bit early and were able to snag one of the leather loungy chair areas..

I hear there's a cool patio, but we dont smoke so we've never been there.
I'm hangin' around downtown Chandler more for some reason and this place always brings me back.  I dig it!  Food is pretty good and so are their sushi.  They have an entertaining menu and their drinks specials during happy hour is awesome.  I LOVE their decor...!  Asian art and old city loft feel.  They have a nice patio out back with an open bar and fire pit.  Every now and then they have a live band or DJ.  Karaoke much?  Well this place has their own private room which you can reserve and it's not over priced like most places I've been to around the valley.  Staff here are always friendly and nice.  This place gets my thumbs way up! :)
Loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, very sleek, elegant, young. They serve some mean sushi, extremely tasty, as well as the martinis we ordered. We came with the http://phoenixfridaynight.com group.

Waitress was friendly and helpful, however, felt slightly lead astray by her because she knew it was our first time dining there and she allowed us to order 2x as much food as we needed because we didn't understand how many sushi rolls were with each order. However, we had lots of leftovers!

The restaurant is great, I have already had 10 Facebook friends ask about it and I am very positive, especially because it's downtown Chandler
Love the downtown Chandler location, love the funky atmosphere... but the food is just "a-ok" and the service has been less than awesome 2 of the 3 times I have been here. 

As far as the food goes, I've had the california rolls, orange chicken, and chicken fried rice. The california rolls were rolled very poorly - they were falling apart and the two end pieces had the seaweed sticking out with very little of the "meat" of the roll. The orange chicken was okay- nothing to write home about. And the chicken fried rice had huge chunks of bland chicken and very little rice (I had to ask for an extra bowl of white rice, which I dowsed with soy sauce to get the chicken down). 

As far as the service goes, one of the blond servers was fantastic- very attentive, my water glass was always full (which is a huge plus in a Phoenix summer). But, the other two girls who were both brunettes, seemed to hide in the back. We'd often look around for her when we were ready to order, ready for refills, needed extra silverware, etc and they'd be nowhere to be found. Maybe the back of Siracha is super fun too! :-P

I'm sure I'll keep going back, mostly because of the location, but I'd love to see them get some new staff and maybe a couple new menu items.
The happy hour prices are EXCELLENT and the food is great! I really enjoyed my experience here and I will definitely return.
Overall this place has above average food. Orange Chicken is excellent and definitely the best dish we had. I do want to go back to try the ceviche ... they had several styles that all sounded good.

They need to update their web site with a phone # and operating hours and a current menu...and put the phone # and hours on the front door too!

Service: 1/5 HORRIBLE. It was not so much the server, though she was slow, brought out 1 dish 15 minutes before the others were ready (table of 4 people) but the cooking is so slow I thought they were flying to Thailand to actually get each dish and bring it back by rickshaw!

Decor: The decor is modern and night club / bar like. It is alright but nothing special

Food Quality: 3.5/5  above average

Food Flavor: varied from 3 (average) to 5 (Orange chicken)
Hmmm.Okay - dusting off some of the cobwebs in my head to remember the experiences I've had at Siracha.  I have been there on 3 or 4 occasions - so let me say up front that its definitely worth checking out.

I am a fan of the old town Chandler district that this place is located in. Tons of new bars, hang outs and restaurants.  Back to Siracha...

The happy hour is pretty sweet. You can get a wide variety of sushi, which is pretty darn good (better than Sushi Eye up the block). The strange thing is...everytime I go there, I get this weird awkward feeling when you walk in the door. Its like you feel like you might have to cook the food yourself and even pour your own brew/martini.

HOWEVER, once sat, every waitress we have had (my wife and I, friends and I) has been good. 

The FOOD here is pretty inexpensive and with that - pretty decent quality.  The menu is somewhat limited, probably to keep costs down as they build clientele. They have a HUGE outdoor patio that could use a bit of design, to help make it "the spot to be" at the restaurant. Come winter time, I'm sure there will be more people seated out there.

At one time, they had an issue with their liquor license and were closed. Evidently, they got the issue corrected and bounced back to reopen.

I'm a fan of this place and love their new Korean tacos. Dayum - thems is good.

HH or a nice dinner are always a good choice here.
Siracha was a disappointment. The happy hour $1 specials (edamame, spring rolls, gyoza dumplings) were probably the best part of the meal. The sushi looked drab and clearly had been prepared well in advance. The biggest disappointment, though, was the red curry. My wife is from Thailand and we make this often, and trust me, it's pretty hard to mess up. The flavors of SE Asian cuisine should be a balance of hot, sour, salty, and sweet. In this case, we got a hint of heat, but not much else. It tasted as if they'd taken a bit of red curry paste, added coconut milk, threw in some chicken, and called it a day. It had none of the fresh vibrant flavors that wake up a great Thai curry.

Just to echo previous comments, the service is slow and inattentive (despite having only two tables occupied; the other table became irate and were offered free drinks). So this place is okay for happy hour, but don't expect anything special. And be in a patient state of mind when you arrive, perhaps recite the mantra of compassion while you wait for your drinks.
Awesome ceviche... Gave it a 4 because the service needs help. Otherwise I'll be back!,,,
Great time here. Went hoppin' along all the places on that Chandler corridor: Sushi Eye, Murphy's, San Tan and Siracha. Bellied up to the sushi bar and was greeted by a smiling chef VJ. Really nice guy and later we discovered was the owner. Great conversation and great food. 

We had a few happy hour items. We had a couple orders of dumplings that were accompanied by an incredibly tasting sauce. Edamama is edamame but it was served pipping hot and steamed just right - I don't like over cooked beans. We also had a double order of spicy tuna rolls that were out of this world. I'll go back just for that! Kirin Light saki bombs rounded off a great experience. 

Thanks VJ! Great place. Look forward to checking out the patio seat too.
On Monday I tried to stop here for a late lunch/ early dinner (about 3:45pm) and they were closed. The hours on the door clearly indicated that they should be open during this time, but no... the doors were locked with no explanation. 
This is a bit odd and makes me wonder about the management and service. 
I have been here once before in early 2010, I wasn't all that impressed but figured I'd give it another try.  
Oh well. 
Also, why do they not have a phone number or business hours listed on the website?
Go figure.
WOW!  What a great little sandwich shop!  Tried for days to get my wife there for lunch. Finally she consented. Well, she wasn't disappointed.  We usually split a sandwich, which was plenty for each, plus a side of quite good pasta salad. You get a side with your sandwich, so the cost was quite reasonable for 2. We saw Apple Crisp in the pastry cabinet, so split one of those as well.
Bread was fresh, oversize slices. Wonderful 'house spread' on the sandwich (delicious, the wife says) lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle on the side. Really good.  Sorry we didn't try it sooner, will make a point of going back before we leave town for the next winter destination.
We tried Nana's new dinner menu out tonight.  Great homestyle cookin'!  The Ribeye steak smothered with mushrooms and onions melts in your mouth.  Another favorite of the kids was the Mac & Cheese.  This is actual REAL Macaroni & Cheese...doesn't get better than this!  Oh and guess what?? ? instead of chips and salsa for an appetizer you get...deviled eggs, sweet pickles, coleslaw, carrot salad and rolls.  That is almost a meal in itself!
Exactly what I wanted from Wickenburg.  Nice digs, with a cafe kind of feel (although I think they have a separate dining area) that serves pretty awesome sandwiches at a good price.  I stopped in for lunch as I was cruising 60 headed from Las Vegas to Phoenix.  There isn't a whole lot going on Wickenburg, but this place is right on the main drag and was open (both good things).  I got a sandwich and some sort of lemonade, and both were good.  The sandwich options were vast, but the bread choices left something to be desired considering all they had was sliced bread.  I am of the roll/hoagie/focacia/anything that isn't sliced bread camp and part of the reason is durability.  My bread couldn't contain the fresh and delicious meat, cheese, and veggies (including sprouts!!!) that were piled high inside.  The veggies were crisp and thick cut and the meat (turkey I believe) was fine as well.  It is also pretty large and I had to take the sandwich down over two sittings, but for the price it really is a great deal.  Loved the feel, with a definite southwest kinda vibe, even though the space inside is open and almost bordering on a hippie tip, or at least a healthy conscious fancy coffee drinking tip that is decidedly un-cowboy.  Either way if I am ever stopping in Wickenburg again I will hit up Nana's for sure.
Three of us had lunch at Nana's today - sampling their selection of sandwiches, quiche and chili - all good.  A great family-owned little cafe that's located in the heart of downtown Wickenburg.  Recommended!
Nana's Sandwich Saloon is an amazing place for great food. They offer fresh daily specials that you won't want to miss. I'm usually in Wickenburg during the day, so I miss the wine tasting events they hold every 2nd Wednesday from 5:30-8:30pm, but I hear they are very popular. Wickenburg is full of old west charm and it's worth staying overnight at the Los Viajeros Inn so you can take in the feel of Arizona's history and sampling the food at Nana's Sandwich Saloon.
It only took one time for this fun little sandwich crafter to get on my must do when in...list!  The menu offer a nice verity of stuffed sandwiches, beverages, and deserts!  I took the Western for a spin, and was blown away!  You get your choice of thick sliced fresh baked breads, tons of gooey, melty, delicious cheese, grilled green chillies, and a small side salad.  I can say without hesitation that this was the best grilled cheese I have ever consumed!  The peach tea was my beverage of choice, and it was just as good!  My only wish for this place would be that it was located closer to my home!  On second thought...my doctor might disagree.  Great food, real reasonable prices for the high quality, and the typical friendly folks of Wickenburg make this a must stop!
Delightful place for lunch.  Fresh food and best coconut cream pie ever.  Looking forward to another trip to Wickenburg and lunch at Nana's!
How does this place have such a high rating? 
The sandwiches are bland and unimaginative, the potato salad I ordered had more onions in it than potatoes, and the servers were impatient and snooty.
I am not a picky eater. I sampled a couple of different things here and I didn't like any of it. I feel like I could make a better sandwich at home for 1/4 the price.  Which is what I would recommend doing if you're thinking about trying this place for the first time. Save your money, Nana's is too expensive for the quality of "food" they're offering.

Nana's Sandwich Saloon: Come for the uncomfortable wicker furniture, stay for the lack-luster sandwiches.
Awesome! The Mustang sandwich was wonderful, and the chocolate banana peanut butter pie was amazing.  Need to stop here while in Wickenburg.
Stopped in here today for lunch with a friend.  Ordered Salads and Sandwiches.  Food was fresh, staff was friendly and made us feel welcome.  This place is very comfortable and inviting.  Didn't sample any of their desserts but if they taste half as good as they looked...........they will be amazing.

Saw a couple splitting what looked like the best apple pie I have ever seen.  Kept hearing them talk about how delicious it was.

Restroom is clean and well kept.

5 Stars - I highly recommend.
Can we just talk about the bacon and cheese sandwiches here.

Usually, when you order a cheese sandwich, you expect to receive cheese with your sandwich, right?
Well, not here. Not at Nana's.
At Nana's they give you some sandwich with your cheese.

The slab of (apparently Kraft) cheese was almost thicker than my finger. It oozed out of the sides of the sandwich and malevolently crept onto my plastic plate, spreading its unnaturally orange goo wherever it touched. The other ingredients of the salad - bacon and salsa - seemed to hide in the bread, recoiling from the menace below.

Eating the sandwich, all I could taste was the cheese.
There was no bacon. There was no salsa.
Only cheese.

I'm uploading a photo of the sandwich so you can see for yourself. It's truly a monstrosity.

Other than the Sandwich from Cheesy Hell, the restaurant was awkwardly quiet, the airspace filled only by the ticking of the clock and the clicking of silverware on plastic as the restaurant's one other patron, an elderly man, picked at his salad.
I didn't feel "welcome" and the staff weren't "friendly", as other reviews have raved. I felt like I was at a Western-decorated mortuary.

At least the apple pie was good.
Awesome! Stopped by yesterday and found this place by accident. My wife had chicken caesar salad. She thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the roast beef sandwich with potato salad. I like red onions and both had them. 

We had the last piece of pie left for the day. It was a home made deep dish style. Absolutely great. 

We would recommend this place to everyone.
Wow! This place is a jewel in the desert! Not what I would have anticipated from a tiny place in a tiny town. Seriously... it's almost worth driving from Vegas to have the taste in my mouth again. I was literally shocked that I could find something of this calibur in Wickenburg.
We passed through Wickenburg on our way to Sedona looking for a lunch option. We spotted Nanas, though sadly it was closed. But on our way back we had better luck. My traveling companion is vegetarian, so we were thrilled to find that Nanas offered a vegetarian option. I had the half sandwich and soup special (the green chile chicken soup was delicious). The place is pleasantly decorated, the staff friendly and helpful, and overall it's a great place to grab a quick bite and continue your journey.
We stopped for breakfast and had two excellent sandwiches. One was bacon egg and cheese and the other was a bacon green chilies on rye. They were both excellent. Large selection of hot tea that was nice. Coffee was good. We've been here other times for lunch and it was equally as good and their pies are great.
We only stopped in for a cup of tea before the local shops opened but had a lovely conversation with the owner Rene. She gave us great information about the town and shops and was very friendly, like we have known her for years. We had our tea under the shaded patio in back which was comfortable and charming. Quaint little gem in Wickenburg!
Such a cute & quaint little shop. Lots of antique and country type nick-nacks to browse and purchase. Dining room area is large and comfortable. Mom and I had a pineapple smoothie. It hit the spot in the 100+ degree weather! Next time I am in the Wittenberg area, I will definitely stop here.
Nice place and great service!   Had the veggie sandwich and spiced chai tea smoothie and I loved them!
Fresh and amazingly good food.  It is a must stop!!
This place is busy. Got our order quick, barely had time to warm up our chairs.  The Roper sandwich is delicious.  Prices are fair considering the location. I've had better cobbler.  More peaches then cobbler in this dessert.
A great find on way from Tucson to Vegas.  Homemade soup and huge fresh roll others had pastrami sandwich with great comments.  Fresh pies arrived as we finished lunch no room today but will stop on way back.  Service was quick and restaurant is clean and decorated with antique "stuff".
We had an exceptional lunch here where everyone in our party was saying it was the best salad or sandwich they had ever eaten. The environment, decor, food, service, staff, etc are all above par with a reasonable price range.  Excellent experience, we will be back!
On our way to Yarnell we stopped at Nana's to grab some coffee to go.  My daughter ordered a regular latte and they charged her $8.00.  Outrageous!  To add insult to injury the cup was only about 2/3 full.  The quality was average so she condsidered it a total rip off.  Never again.
Excellent food, that is reasonably priced.  Efficient, friendly service.   Might be one of the best places in town as it was standing room only the entire time we were eating lunch.