Just fair, but you learn to appreciate decent chinese food for its rarity (I know, a strange concept for those of us living in the Bay Area).
Authentic good quality food in an old style Chinese restaurant setting.  Very satisfied overall with my first visit.  Second visit included my six year old which was not so good, they don't even have crayons for a child.
This is a good Chinese place. Will it take you to a place you've never been? No. But you will leave satisfied.
Food: It's overall pretty good and probably one of the more reliable options for semi-authentic Chinese food in the Madison area.  To this Asian, there is definitely some catering to Western palates.  Definitely a step down if you're used to eating at, say, Chicago's Chinatown (both old and new sections), and there's no extra menu in Chinese with the more eclectic stuff.  Fresh seafood options very limited.

Service: Average.  Food comes in a reasonable time, though refiling the water sometimes is spotty.

Value: Reasonable overall.  Prices fit the portions. Most entrees $9-15 range.

Overall: Good for when you crave Chinese, but I'd still head to Chicago for the more authentic stuff.
Three stars = A-OK.  It was fine.  It wasn't great.  This place has been here for about 30 years.  Before that it was a car wash.  I always think of it as the place that used to be a carwash.
Anyway.  Went with a group of 15.  Mom was buying and we got the "Classic" banquet (the cheapest one).  It was more food than we could eat.  The food was fine.  Not awesome.  The best flavor was hoisin sauce and, well, that comes out of a jar.
We got a sesame chicken that had nicely deepfried chicken chunks in a citrus-y sweet sauce.  Some trout that my sister insisted on and really enjoys (not my thing, but everyone else liked it).  Mu-shu pork - it was good.  Delightful (?) beef, kinda bland, but nothing yucky in it.  Aaaannd, oh yeah, crispy duck.  Very crispy, as in dry.  Not so great.
The kids got those finger trap toys with their fortune cookies.  The waitress was cheerful, accomodating and informative.  Extra help came out when needed.
I think some of the best Chinese food in Madison.  A little pricey but a few dishes always feeds me for at least two additional meals.
Imperial Garden has been around a long time and seems to be a local favorite. That struck me as a very bad sign when I came to Madison almost 20 years ago, and that continues to be the case. The food is insipid, blandly spiced to appeal to unadventurous midwestern tastes and with a menu reminiscent of the Americanized Chinese palaces of the 1950s. I end up there with various groups on occasion, but try to keep it to no more frequent than once every five years (more frequently in my first years in Madison, less so now). It's not that there are vastly superior authentic Chinese options (although I prefer P. F. Chang's, recognizing its limitations), but one does better with other Asian options when in Madison--particularly Thai/Laotian, but also Indian (with many new options in recent years).
It's perhaps the closest you can get to authetic Chinese food in a place like Madison, particularly after China Palace closed. The food is alright, it's been embellished in a way to appeal to an American audience, but at least the some of the menu choices are pretty real. 

My real problem with this place is the service: The menu was misinforming and didn't specify that some steamed fish dish was a filet as opposed to a whole fish. I politely complained to the waitress about my order not being accurate and she informed her manager. The manager only ended up refunding me 50% off the item ordered and began telling me how you wouldn't refund someone a fancy steak in an expensive restaurant!

In the end, I paid for my meal and tipped the poor waitress, but I will never visit this place again. I'm not sure if that manager woman was giving me a hard time because I was a young college student or what, but her management skills leave much to be desired.
This was, quite possibly, the WORST Chinese food (if you can call it that) that I've ever eaten in my life.

We started with the appetizer platter for two.  The calamari was so stringy that I had to swallow it in one bite because I couldn't separate it with my teeth.  The egg rolls were at least crispy and well-rolled, but they had absolutely no seasoning other than a tad too much salt.  The shrimp were overcooked, the barbecue pork was dry, and the hot dumplings were cold and under seasoned.

Then came the entrees.  I ordered Imperial Chicken, thinking that being the restaurant's namesake, it had to be good.  I was wrong.  The breading was mushy, the chicken was dry, and the sauce was basically  sweet and sour sauce with added hoisan, and several dried peppers that were burnt so badly they added an unintentional, overdone smoky flavor.

My boyfriend ordered the Ma-po Tofu.  He loves spicy food, and this was just a little spicy, but the spice overpowered all the other flavors in the dish (besides the scallions).  The tofu was a good texture, but the unbalanced sauce flavors basically rendered it inedible.

Apart from the horrendous food was the tepid service.  I had to ask several times for a glass of water.  The waitress came by with the water pitcher and had just enough to fill my glass up halfway, so she returned to the kitchen for a refill and stopped by to fill my boyfriend's glass.  By this time, I drank my half glass of water - and she didn't even bother to top mine off.  I tried to ask for some, but she walked away.  

Plus, I thought it was supposed to be an authentic Chinese food restaurant - what's with the Vivaldi and Mozart soundtrack?

Skip this place all together and hit up the Asian grocery and gas station next door.  On Fridays, they receive shipments of Pork Bao in from a bakery in Chicago that are to die for!
Probably the best Chinese in Madison these days.  Unfortunately, that is not saying much.
Took four kids tonight and we were all underwhelmed. The chicken egg drop soup was oddly sweet. We got a barbecue pork dish and some beef dish that both had a bland gravy. A huge platter of pot stickers that got everyone excited but ended up being ... bland. Even the dipping sauce just tasted like soy sauce. The calamari was not tough. I'll give them that. If this is the best Chinese food around... I'm sorry.
Best chinese is Madison by far, but very expensive! You do always get great service though. Yum!
We visit family in Madison at least twice a year and always make sure to have dinner here.  The shrimp sizzling rice soup is absolutely to die for, and every entree I've had has been fabulous.  Hands down the best Chinese food I have ever had.
This place is wonderful.  One, Almost anything on the menu can be made gluten free.  Two, They have about 7 different types of loose teas to choose from.  Three, The food is GREAT!

My favorite dishes are the Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice Soup and  the Tofu Lettuce Wraps.  I am not lying when I say that I have NEVER had a dish I didn't like here.  The food is never greasy, never oversauced and never overcooked.  The seafood and veggies always have a really fresh taste... I seriously have no complaints at all.

I miss you.
Just an update to say they don't even have the #1 spot anymore as that goes pretty easily to Ichiban on park.  Still, better than most in town.
We only ever go for their lunch special - so that's what this review is, I haven't yet gone here for dinner.

The dishes are a little hit/miss for authenticity. The Imperial Chicken is really good (not breaded like someone else said, but it's great), the sweet and sour chicken is definitely a "miss," the mu shoo pork is great, although a tad greasy, the fried spring rolls are fantastic, the egg rolls are okay. 

The service is FANTASTIC and the price is unbeatable for what you get. We never walk  away from lunch hungry. I suggest getting there a little early for lunch (they open at 11am) because it can get a little crowded.

Also, I love their spicy mustard - you have to try it!!!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

I went there a second time because I couldn't remember if I liked the food or not (yes,it was THAT unremarkable). Upon going there the second time, I knew there would not be a third. Ever. 

I know this is Madison, but c'mon, I've had more authentic Chinese food at Panda Express. What should have been an immediate tip-off was the fact that there weren't any chinese words on the menu...and that all the clientele was white (again, yes I know this is Madison, but this is compared to other Chinese restaurants like Fugu or Ichiban). I don't actually remember the specific dishes I ordered (I've had fish, chicken, pork, and beef there), but it all just tasted as if it had been sitting in the freezer for months. Dry and flavorless. 

The service was also slow. They refilled our glasses only once, after we had asked for the check.

I won't be going back.
It is not delicious, but the service is good.
Often rumored to have the best Chinese food in the Madison area, this restaurant is a major disappointment. My spicy tofu and vegetables dish was not in the least spicy and the tofu was only fried and would have been better marinated. The entree my dining companion ordered was also sub-par. The service was very quick and the food served very quickly, maybe too much so. Madison has great Southast Asian restaurants, but I definitely won't be eating more Chinese food  anywhere here.
Grilled potstickers, moo shu pork, cashew chicken. Yum!!
Yum!  Party of 7, everyone ordered their own dish and then shared with all.  Started with pot stickers and shrimp ragoon.  Grilled pot stickers were really good, could have just eaten those and been happy.  Appetizers came with a variety of dipping sauces.  Best dishes sampled were crispy orange beef, almond chicken and generals lamb.  Lamb was way tender, excellent choice.  Service was prompt and friendly, great atmosphere.  Ended meal with delicious mango ice cream.  Left happy and very full!
I live on the east side of Madison and I always eat at the Imperial Gardens near E. Washington and this Imperial was a let down. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the decor is lovely but the food and staff wasn't as amazing as I hoped for. 

For starters, the food is so expensive compared to the east side and the plates are larger but the portions are definitely not bigger. Our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down. My friend loves oyster beef but what received tasted completely different and it had a weird sort of sour after taste. I had the pepper steak and I did like how the onions and peppers are more thinly sliced but my meat also had a strange after taste.

The staff was very kind but a little annoying. It's was great at first to see how attentive they were to our needs but the waitress came to us almost every 10min and made awkward small talk which really bothered us. We could then see her staring at us from across the room waiting to start another unwanted conversation.

Imperial Garden Middleton will definitely be memorable but, for all the wrong reasons.
Decent food, slightly more expensive than their competitors, and more legit varieties on their menu.

I'll give credit to Imperial Garden's decor as it is significantly more eye-pleasing than other Asian restaurants and the fact that they have a full bar. 

I give kudos to this place because they're the only Chinese restaurant in the area that offers peking duck, a true Chinese specialty. Their seafood selection is also pretty upstanding and are cooked well. I'm also a fan of their "banquet" specials, which is for when you go in groups and they offer you a selection of X many dishes to share for a set price per person (this is available for lunch and dinner I believe, though I've never been here for lunch). 

Aside from the aforementioned pros of Imperial Garden, the other dishes on their menu (if you order without doing the "banquet") is average-tasting at best and overpriced.
Im rating this more on being American Chinese then true authentic Chinese. That being said it was very nice inside. Not too formal but definitely not a take-out joint.

We got a cup of the Hot and Sour soup. Which is always my favorite. To try something different we got the Seafood Hot and Sour soup also. Almost taste just like the regular Hot and Sour put of course more of a seafood flavor then pork. It only comes in a serving that serves 2-3. Which is a great value because the 3 of us easily got 2 cups each out of it.

The Fragrant Pork had chestnuts, green peppers, onions, mushrooms and carrots in a garlic tomato sauce, Said that it was spicy hot put I only got a tiny bit of kick. Put still good being sweet and garlicky. 

The Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice dish caught me by surprise in a good way. Expecting it would come with that same bland and over salty white sauce. But I couldn't stop tasting the sauce. It was like no other white sauce I have tasted before. The waitress poured the sauce for the dish right in front of you so it was "sizzling". The rice was on the bottom of the skillet plate so it ended up getting crunchy. Adding a great texture to the dish. The shrimp, scallops and chicken in the dish were tender. Also in it were pea pods, water chestnuts, carrots and mushrooms.

Even the fortune cookie at the end was a better grade cookie then take-out places.

Service was helpful, attentive and friendly.
For Wisconsin, this is about the best you are going to get for Chinese Food.

Sorry, you live in Wisconsin.

But the food is very good.  Huge servings, enormous shrimps, chicken that is tender, fresh rice.

Don't complain Cheeseheads, this is good as it gets for Chinese in Wisconsin.
Yum. Check out back of menu soups. Very good!
Lettuce wraps 3x better than PF Changs. If Yelp reviewers consider PF changs 3 stars, then this gets 5.

Just to clear up for those who want authentic Chinese. Go to ICHIBAN NOW!!!
How do you get voted best of for 31 years when what is served is awful? This is the worst Chinese food my entire family has had in years. We all ordered different things and none of us could eat our meals. That was $50 wasted. There was no flavor, or the flavor there was did not match the dish. How do you mess up beef fried rice? I can make it with more flavor. The Mongolian beef had a flavor but it was all wrong. If you want to waste money and still be hungry, this is the place for you. How do places keep getting good reviews when they are so bad. I use to trust Yelp reviews but lately, I've been fooled by the reviews.
I had fond memories of dining at the Imperial Garden... back in the 1990s, when I didn't really have access to more "exotic" and interesting foods. I've been to this location twice within the past year or so - once for lunch with a coworker, and once for dinner with friends last night.

+ Huge establishment - impressively big
+ Quick to be seated
+ Server was friendly
+ Waters were refilled quickly
+ Decent selection of bottled beers/drinks

- Massive menu, but not really... many identical dishes on the menu, with different protein options
- Food/dishes very salty, but otherwise bland in flavor. No spice, no interesting flavors/tastes
- Sea bass dish tasted extremely fishy; sea bass should be "clean" and non-fishy
- Duck was very fatty - extremely fatty
- Red Pepper Chicken ("very spicy") had zero flavor and was drowned in pasty brown sauce
- Service became extremely slow/absent after we received our entrees. Took us 30+ minutes to get checks, pay, and leave - entrees arrived at 7:15pm, we left at 8:15pm.

I'm glad the four of us split entrees last night... I would've been really disappointed had I ordered something for myself. It's just... not very good. Guessing this place caters to folks who want to eat adventurously without really doing so. The food is sub-par; this place is resting on some large laurels.

I'd much prefer a flavorful Thai or Indian dish. Won't be back.
Best Chinese food in the area. Great service and calming atmosphere.
What a crushing experience.
 My son was in town and when he is here we like to visit and spoil ourselves to a splurge of a dinner outing. This particular night was at the end of summer and there was an amazing thunderstorm about to occur. SO on this stormy night we decided on Chinese and I had recommended we drive to Middleton for what I had heard to be the best around.
Ok..so after a short 15 min drive we had a great parking spot...  ran inside and were greeted with a warming beautiful atmosphere.. very welcoming large foyer, nice bar area which u walk thru to get to your dining area.
After the immediate seating, WE were greeted  by a pleasant asian woman and ordered drinks. which turned out to be just right.

Appetizers were mediocre...nothing to remember...we had the app for two...calamari was HORRIBLE  btw  I could go into so much detail but who is gonna read all that....the following is my reason for writing...

My forewarning is NOT TO TRUST in ordering the Lobster dish. I wanted a decadent treat for myself and decided on the (market price) 45$ Lobster dinner entree which came with two choices of preparation. Ginger sauce or garlic butter  i ordered the garlic but the server said no the other was best.
More importantly i asked her how large the lobster was and if it was sold by pound cause it was listed as Market Price. She said she would inquire before i ordered and returned to our table and said it was 2.5 pds or larger. So that made me excited and i did not hesitate in my ordering. I thought 45 dollars was a great price for a generous 2.5 pd lobster entree.
What arrived on my plate was a cut up overly sauced jigsawed puzzled lobster animation on a platter which was in no way a 2.5 pound creature to begin with. It was dismantled then pieced together to look like a lobster shape. The meat was still in shell. (and I mean IN SHELL).  There was hardly any meat to be had. The tail which should have been the meatiest portion was cut in one inch pieces with shell INTACT and had yielded maybe 2 morsel of meat total.  I was shocked as i struggled to manipulate any source of goodness from the pieces of crustacean.There was literally no lobster and what was there was swimming in overpowering sticky sauce. All in all an EXTREME disappointment. Not what I was expecting in the LEAST!!

As the storm gained intensity outdoors, my high hopes and any thoughts of returning to this eatery were un-intensified. I will NEVER return. I cannot tolerate being misled by a server
 We ended up tipping and not making a fuss...just another lesson learned. The storm raged on , I did get to spend time with my son and hopefully educate you.. Not a total loss I guess.Just stay away from places like this that lie for profit and have followings that end up being ill fated.
Always consistently delicious! Classic preparations of Americanized Chinese. The cashew chicken is great!
I was in town visiting family and someone suggested IG. When I drove up to it, it brought back yummy memories. It's been years since I ate there. I am glad we went there for dinner. We ate governors chicken, governors beef, sweet and sour chicken, peppered beef and beef chow fun. Everyone ate their plates! Service was slow that night but the food made up for it!
There's a climactic scene in the movie Drive where the hero meets the badguy in a 'Chinese' restaurant. It's a prop for the movie to sell the idea of foreign while these two real bad American dudes hash out their differences. It's rich and exotic and mysterious and... goddamn exciting. 

IG is a Chinese American restaurant in the burbs of burbs that serves burbanites, but man it had that feeling.

The Russian friend and I went there on a Sunday night for their Peking Duck special. We got that and some appetizer platter and some wonton soup and some cocktails. None of it was particularly memorable, and in fact the Peking Duck skin was *not* crispy, but the presentation was spot on. There's been so much streamlining of Asian restaurants that nice chairs and big booths with lots of room is uncommon. And on top of it I am a sucker for ethnic restaurants that have good servers that can connect with customers. Do you know how rare that is? Take advantage and talk it out. Be polite and get good service.

I don't think Madison's foodies would give this place four stars. But I saw a bunch of other slant eyes here with me, and I imagined they were like me, wide eyed and happy to be here eating whatever this was.

I'd take my mom here.
Hands down the best Chinese food in Madison. The chicken chow mein has been a favorite since I was a child. Try the egg rolls and the jasmine or chrysanthemum tea. You really can never go wrong here! The decor is beautiful, and makes you almost feel like you could be in a restaurant in China.
Imperial Garden has been getting progressively worse over the last few years. The waitstaff has always been attentive and professional, and the wait time for food is reasonably short. The restaurant itself and the bathrooms are clean and spacious. The ambiance is relaxed and pleasant, and noise levels are comfortably low.

But none of these things can save the mediocre-to-bad food. That is, if you get your food at all. On more than one occasion, they have forgotten to include entire entrees or side dishes when I've picked up take-out. I now double-check all of my orders before leaving. The egg rolls taste like they came out of a box in the freezer. They are greasy and heavy, with very little flavor until you douse them in sweet-and-sour sauce that's so sweet it might as well be syrup. The same problems plague the entirely unremarkable crab rangoon. I've had the hot and sour soup, and disliked the taste quite a bit. Not spicy enough, and far too sour. I usually order the ginger beef stir-fry. There's hardly any ginger flavor, and the sauce is thick and also fairly sweet. If they halved the amount of sugar in everything, it would be a good start. I've had more success with the sizzling black pepper beef, which has a punch of black pepper and a good balance of meat and vegetables. On a recent trip, a friend got the beef lo mein. It had a nice quantity of beef, but an anemic quantity of vegetables. It was also very greasy and watery, and tasted extremely bland. The only reason I go here as often as I do is that my grandmother (the poster child for stereotypical Wisconsin taste buds, bless her heart) loves the three delicacies sizzling rice.

I did discover one saving grace: if you dump sriracha on the food, it blends very well with the food and elevates all of the flavors. Too bad they don't have any of it at the restaurant, it could save many a dish. Bottom line: there's much better, more authentic, more balanced, and less heavy Chinese food available in Madison at comparable prices. If you're looking for good Chinese in town, check out Hong Kong Cafe on Regent or Orient House on South Park instead.
The short of the story is - we went here yesterday (Mother's Day) and were there 3 hours! Waited a full 2 hours for our food. So if you have don't mind waiting an unbelievable amount of time for food and have all day to waste, then read on. . .

For years I have drove by the Imperial Garden and referred to it as the "Chinese Restaurant Gas Station". I don't even know if they are connected or what, but you see them both as you turn the corner. We decided to go to this place for Mother's Day and check it out. Talking to friends over the weekend, we were told it was pretty good.

The building is nice and the atmosphere of the restaurant was way nicer than I expected. Very large and nicely decorated. Not so cheesy like a lot of Chinese-American places in Wisconsin. The hostess greeted us very nicely and having reservations we were seated right away. 

Now - we were a larger than average group - table of 8 - but they clearly were set up for groups this big as they had large tables in the corner of the rooms with a spinning lazy susan in the middle that was perfect for us. I think we probably could have even gotten 9 or 10 people on this table. The waitress was very nice too. Came right away and got us drinks and very friendly.

This is when things went down hill. We did order appetizers, which came out right away. Pot Stickers - both steamed and fried - which were pretty good. Once our whole group arrived we all ordered regular items from their menu. Then we waited. Waited and waited and waited. Apparently so did everyone around us. For hours - over two to be exact. The waitress did her best - kept coming by and telling us she was sorry, that the Kitchen was crazy and that we were next. Honestly we should have left - but it was hard enough getting family members from 4 households together at one time. 

Eventually the food came out. To their credit, I thought everything tasted pretty good. I got two different shrimp dishes. Decent flavor, cooked perfectly - the snap peas and water chestnuts were good. Portion was decent on the Shrimp dinner and much larger on the chicken dinners that others in my group got. I agree with other reviews - its not the most adventurous food. Flavors were safe and my spicy shrimp wasn't very spicy at all. My sister-in-law was upset her Sesame Chicken with Broccoli came with one piece of broccoli. She complained and the waitress brought out a side of broccoli.

Overall, If the food wasn't pretty good - I would have given this place one star. I give our waitress credit for holding it together too. She offered free desert but we were about an hour late for getting to another place so had to go. Saddest thing is we heard that this has been an ongoing problem with the Kitchen. Sounds like they don't fire dishes in the order they come in and they have a lot of trouble keeping up with things. If they could correct this problem and add a bit more flavor into a few dishes, the place really could be ok.

Try it on your own risk - but I would plan on spending several long hours while you wait for your food.
Absolutely THE worst!  This place won "Best of Madison" for Chinese food for how many years??? The judge must have been completely stoned out of his mind! 
Customer service:  Very poor.  The server never checked back until I went looking for her, wondering where our order was 50 minutes after ordering. 
Food finally arrived for our group of four--STONE COLD!  Plates themselves were hot but practically frostbite on the food.  Couldn't eat it. 
Manager came by, apologized and took 50% off the bill (!!!). Should have been 100% comped. 
I'm one of those folks who normally overlooks a lot and actually hates to complain, but this culinary travesty really needed to be reported.  If this place previously had great food and service, then as of 2014 they've completely lost their "mojo".
This is our go-to Chinese restaurant in the Madison area.  Hands down, it's the best Chinese I've found so far.  I'd give it 5 stars if the prices were more reasonable and the dine-in environment was better.

Like I said, the food is superb.  My usual dish is Cashew Chicken.  It's hard to deviate from that when it's sooooo good.  Other dishes are excellent as well.  What I like about Imperial is that the meat quality is good.  The beef is tasty and tender - not tough or "questionable".  The chicken is good as well - not some of the gray chicken-like material found at lesser establishments.  

We don't dine in often or at all.  It's a little more formal than I prefer, and the experience can take a while.  Just not my preference.  I keep their number in my phone and call ahead for carry-out.  That's the way to go here, imho.

Their location is very convenient for those of us that work in town and live in the western 'burbs.  The portions they give out are very fair - my cashew chicken typically leaves me with a nice lunch for work the next day. 

If you're looking for top-quality Chinese food, I highly recommend getting take-out here.  If you don't mind a more formal setting and have the time, go ahead and dine in.
Oh, Chuck E. Cheese, how I have memories of hanging out in your urine-laden ball pit!  I took my nieces and nephew here yesterday for a small family birthday part for one of them and I noticed that although the ball pit is gone, the bodily waste wasn't.  Ah, children!

First of all, the kids (4, 3 and 1 year) LOVED it.  The two older ones just went crazy on the smaller rides, playing the easy games and getting tickets and picking out their prizes.  They thought the pizza was absolutely de-voon.  They didn't see the wear and tear on the games - everything was perfect to them.  And hey, it's made for kids.  They're the ones they have to please.

Of course, as an adult after I was able to see beyond the chaos, I noted that a lot of the games were broken or ate tokens (which we all know are precious Chuck E. Cheese commodities).  Of course the pizza was not good.  And although my  the kids didn't care, I was a little more than horrified to hear someone scream, "Dookie!" out of a tube slide.

It ain't my cup o' tea, but it ain't supposed to be. 

But man am I glad I don't have kids of my own.
Brought my little guy here the other day to see how he reacted to such a place since he is just now 2yrs old. He just loved this place.
But first ..when you walk in they stamp you and your kiddos with a black light sensitive stamp and the numbers have to match to the child you are trying to leave with in the end. I found this to be a great feature since you can never trust anyone these days.
I was also glad to see there was no longer a germ laden ball pit. There was a huge climber thingy that was a bit to advanced for my little guy. But the games were all good for him. He loved the race car games the most.
As for food..they have a little salad bar we decided to try for like 6 bucks. Not a huge variety of things but they had the basics and it was all freshly stocked by the kids that worked there.
Of course I will be back..I have a toddler.
Staple in my household for six years now....We have had a birthday party there for at least one of my kids for the last six years.  This is the first year were it wasn't there package party in five years.  If you sign up for their emails, you can get great coupons. Then you can pop in for sodas and games.  Honestly, the pizza did get better.  It's not Pizza Hut, but not as yucky as it used to be!
Staff is really friendly!

I really like the check in/ check out process they have going on here. 
Once you enter you and your child get stamped. This stamp is then checked again upon exit.  This lets you as a parent feel a little safer while your munchkin runs amok!

I usually come during the day and haven't encountered any large crowds. That being said, it's an enjoyable time here. 

They do have a lot of broken down games which is what brings the rating down some for me. I also which the pizza was the way it used to be when I was a kid!  $6 gets you a "small" pizza that is actually not with it.
I always have a blast watching my kids have fun here at Chuck E Cheese. 
The salad bar is great and seems like the pizza has improve over the years.
We celebrated my daughters 4th birthday there today. Evey one was so friendly. Donovan was are party host and he was great! So nice and made sure everything was going well through the whole party. I couldn't have asked for a better host.  The lady behind the ticket counter was so sweet as well. She gave my birthday girl a little extra on her special day. This location is very clean and all the games were working as well. I think the only thing was the bathroom was a little out of order but nothing to make my day bad. I would return here without a doubt to have some family fun.
I can only give this place 2 stars simply because it just isn't nearly as fun as the one I remember from when I was younger.  This one only has some fairly lame video games, and a small tunnel system for kids to climb through.  Everything here is overly expensive.  Tokens themselves cost at least .30 cents per token, and kids win tickets playing games but unfortunately you have to spend about $500 dollars to get enough tickets for anything remotely cool.  The kids do like coming here, but kids are pretty easy to please when you throw some games and pizza in front of them.  I could get way better value taking my kid to the arcade museums we have here in the Las Vegas area.  The pizza is better than it was a few years ago, but it's still nto very good, not very big and cost about $20 for one pizza and 2 drinks.  There were several machines not working at all, with kids losing tokens because the games don't have any indication they won't work.  I came here for my son becaus the school was having some special school night here, but otherwise I would rather take my child to something more fun and more productive than this.  I have also been to kids parties here.  The parties always feel somewhat rushed by the young staff and is crazy expensive for what they actually give you.  2 stars because kids like it, bot nothing more because it's dirty, expensive, and the food isn't very good.    NOTE:  Parents do not seem to know how to watch their kids when here.  I always see kids stealing tokens off tables they don't belong too, and just kids in general runnning crazy with no supervision.  If you bring your kids here, I would hope you at least keep them being respectful and at least be aware of what thet are doing.
Was never a big Chuck E Cheese fan but these guys changed my mind. This location is the only Chuck E Cheese I've been to where the staff is constantly wiping down and disinfecting the games. The bathrooms was clean and well supplied. The staff was attentive, super friendly, energetic, interacted well with everybody and they were constantly bussing the tables. All the games worked just a few didn't give out tickets when it was suppose to but it didn't matter because every gAme was working. The kids had a blast, I had a blast everything that Chuck E Cheese is suppose to be happened today. Oh and the biggest plus when I first walked in I was NOT greeted by the overwhelming smell of socks like all the other ones I been to.
Seems clean but this must be a very small location because most of the ones in California are really big! Also staff was nice.
The food at their new cafe is amazing, A co worker had taken me there for lunch today, and the food is great. All the wonderful comments I had heard about the Chef are true. Food portion is great, prices are excellent, and staff is as friendly as it can get. I will be back often. The word I can best use to describe the Philly steak sandwich would have to be "SUCCULENT".
Divine Cafe had me the second I read "RED VELVET BELGIAN WAFFLE" on their menu. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. I was thinking it would be a magical cakey, sweet mix with crisp edges. But, it just tasted like any other waffle. The only thing that screamed "red velvet" was its bright red appearance.

Luckily there are other dishes that make this place worth visiting. The chicken tacos were topped with a chipotle sauce, black beans, and pineapple slaw and were enveloped in wonderfully crisp house-made tortillas.

The "big-ass roast beef hoagie" is a large portion of tender slices of beef in a soft, warm hoagie roll. It's a tasty sandwich that's topped with provolone, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, mayo and a red wine vinaigrette. It's also accompanied by some amazingly delicious fries.

The chicken salad sandwich was good but the bread was dry and hard. Their chocolate chip cookie is ridiculously large and a great value at $1.25 but tasted too sugary and gritty for my tastes.

Divine Cafe is located in an industrial park (in a building that also houses their catering service) off of Valley View, just north of Sunset. While their food can be hit or miss, it's a better lunch option than many other spots in the area.

3.5 Stars
The breakfast options are what got me - the Creme Bruele French Toast was enough for two of us to split and the sausage that was with it wasn't sweet which was nice. The staff was really quick in taking my phone order and getting it ready for me. 

Definitely a gem in an industrial area where they wasn't much.
I stopped here for breakfast before going to CES and I'm glad I did.  I had to get the crème brulée French toast.  The toast was crisply browned and had syrup over the pieces and some banana slices.  It was very good!  The two pieces of sausage were good, but they needed more time heating.  They were luke warm.

The staff was great!  Fast, efficient, and with great attitudes.  This little gem is hidden away on Valley View in the warehouse and office area.  Had it not been for Yelp and an ad in a mailer from DiVine, I would never know this place existed.

Edit:  I have to edit this review to add that this is way too much for one person for breakfast!  The French toast consisted of three thick slices of grilled bread.  It's enough to make two people happy, and I was sorry I wasn't going home so I could have them pack the pieces I couldn't finish instead of having it tossed.  For a price of $7 which includes the sausage, it can't be beaten!
Simply Divine. Went to lunch here with a friend yesterday. We were warmly greeted. you order at the counter. They bring the food to your table. they have so many great choices. Something for everyone. I had the turkey meatloaf. It was enough food for 3 people. It was Delicious. I took a lot to go. I had also the cranberry chicken salad to take home for dinner. it was fantastic. My friend had the tuna melt and she loved it. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
This place is ok. Very few selections of food, but their Creme Brulee French Toast is DiVine. Crispy exterior with a very soft and fluffy interior. Yum! Their Red Velvet Belgian Waffle is good too. They top it nicely with powdered sugar, whipped cream, and fresh berries.

The place has this nice little interior. If you're looking for a SMALL quiet place to grab some good breakfast alone, or for two. I'd love to go back and try the rest of their selections (which would be a good opportunity for a new star rating update).

However, other competitive breakfast joints provide a lot more pros as far as offerings than Divine does. So this place has me comparing things from other places, and I still feel like I can go elsewhere for the same things. 

Their service was great. The nice attendant was very accommodating for my very picky mother. So she explained what comes with the Red Velvet Belgian Waffle, and offered to put them in the side for her. Thank you nice lady.

Also, keep in mind, that they do cater and do event planning. Judging by their website, it seems like their catering and event planning business is more top notch than their little cafe. So if you are looking for a good business to service your wedding or any occasion, try to consider DiVine. They might leave you more satisfied.
I'm rounding up; I don't just give out 5 stars all willy nilly! So it's a 4.5 or 4 but the service was so great that I had to give them the bump! This is a very sweet little cafe, smack  dab in the middle of a industrial business park. What it lacks in exterior charm it makes up for inside. It is a surprisingly cozy and homey atmosphere. 
The service was definitely one of the highlights of our breakfast. Our server was incredibly warm and charming. I honestly would have bought anything from her. She was certainly the type that could sell snow to an Eskimo; cute, bubbly, witty, but not cloyingly so.
The food, was pretty simple, but very done well. We had the french toast, turkey bacon, a waffle, and the eggs scrambled with spinach, mushrooms, chicken, and cheese...yeah we're fat kids. Everything was delicious. Potatoes were perfectly crisp, the eggs were cooked just right, and the french toast was perfectly sweet. 
Our server gave us 3 buy one entree get the 2nd free coupons and took one entree off our bill, because we ordered so much food (see 'fat kid' comment above.) It was a very thoughtful gesture, that was much appreciated.
Overall I would say if Divine cafe is not too out of the way, you should most certainly make it your new go to breakfast place, I know I will!!!
i'm so glad this place is right by work!!! went there for the first time today - got their blackened mahi mahi with asparagus and brown rice and it was yummm!!! decent food selection, great service, the cafe area is warm and cozy looking. love their blackboard menu - really cute. very cute place in a very industrial looking area. will update as i try more on their menu. i'll be back for sure!
This place is right by my job. My coworker and I have either gone here or ordered from here (yes, they deliver!) 5 times in the last two weeks. That's when we discovered this little gem. The service is just as good as the food is. Reasonably priced food, great quality and flavor. Plus, they have a frequent diner card.

The sweet potato fries are awesome and so are the sweet potato tots. 

I'd also recommend the blackened mahi mahi. But, the signature sliders have been my absolute favorite. Then again, I've enjoyed everything I've had there. 

This is definitely my go-to lunch spot. There aren't many places where you can grab a great lunch and be in and out in under an hour.
We just hosted my sister's bridal shower, and I was, of course, in charge of the food. Time crept up on me, and the food was pushed to the end of the to-do list. A friend told me about Divine Events and I immediately gave them a call. The staff was so helpful and made the whole process a breeze. Thanks to them, we had amazing, fresh food at a very important event for my sister. I will definitely be using them again, and recommend them to anyone I know. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I've been here a bunch of times. Usually the food is good but the service is super slow. On this particular day I ordered a chicken sandwich. I ordered it at 1130 and my sandwich came out at 1225, finally!!

Every time I've been here I've ordered the chicken sandwich because it's good. This time I did the same thinking no problems and it's good. We were the only people on the place when we sat down. So we sat down with two kids and two adults and they brought us chip and dip (good start). They took our order and then a minute or two later two more people came in and took their time ordering. We waited and waited and at 12 after the other patrons received their orders and were almost done my husband went up and asked where our food was. The waiter said oh I'll check on it. After checking he came to our table with my husband's order. He said the chicken sandwich will be out in a minute or two. 

We waited my husband finished his sandwich and we asked again where is my freaking sandwich. The waiter said 'oh I'm not sure I'll ask again'. Sorry but you should be on top of this!! He came back and said it will be out in a little over 10 minutes. Mind you it's now 1215 and I ordered at 1130. He then came out and said 'they forgot to make yours and then they were out of chicken and then they had to butcher a chicken and that's why it's taking so long.' If I would have known this 20-30 minutes ago I would have ordered something else! 

Finally my food came out and he said it was free since we had to wait so long. A few things... 1 I understand the kitchen messes up sometimes, but our waiter should have been paying attention especially since we were his only table! 2 where the hell was the owner or manager? Well she came by to say how cute my baby was but never came back to explain the problem or apologize. 3 55 minutes is entirely too long to wait for a sandwich! I'm so disappointed. I probably won't be back again!
This place has taken a complete 180. Used to be really good and had a wonderful wait staff. It is now terribly inconsistent in food preparation and quality. The new wait staff sum up as just plain horrible!! I just picked up a to go order that was missing items and was made completely different than the last time. That will be my last meal at that place.  I give them 6 months and they will be gone!
Great service really ave. food. City Life loved the 5 napkin burger-just an ave burger w/ a cold bun.  The beni was just melted butter. I won't be back-the outlaw burger @rollin smoke is still the winner for over the top burger.
I wanted something not in the Hotels to have breakfast at.  What a treat.  Very gourmet with a great menu and reasonably priced.  I went there twice on my trip!  I liked it a lot.  I'll be there next time I'm in Vegas.
I was in a hurry 2 weeks ago, in between Business appointments in the Valley view area, and I stopped in because of convenience. And I am Glad I did.

What a Pleasant  surprise! Wonderful menu choices and Good Prices! for a Lunch time Rush, the service was friendly and quick! Located in a Commercial Business Strip
but well worth the stop!  They also have availability to host events after hours.
We ordered the red velvet waffles and the Cree brûlée French toast which hit the spot. The service was prompt and friendly. Worth the effort to find!
Divine Cafe is truly befitting of it's name. Wonderfully fresh ingredients help create their many variations on lunchtime staples. This stuff is made-to order, and it most certainly has the "from scratch" appeal. The prices are affordable and the service is friendly. When you dine-in, you're greeted with a basket of tasty homemade chips and a dip that's delightful. A word to the wise, if you're in a hurry and looking to take-out, it may be to your advantage to call ahead. They take what their serve seriously, so the wait for a sandwich can be longer than one would expect and more importantly longer than you have time for during your lunch hour.
I have had their food on several occasions, both at catered events and at their cafe' and it is really good!!  Just as some of the other reviews state, service in the cafe' can be a little on the slower side sometimes.  Not sure if that's a kitchen issue or a wait staff issue.  Never slow at a catered event.  Always plenty of food available.  Even tray passed hor' dourves (which is where a lot of caterers skimp) are constantly available at the events I've attended that Divine is catering.