Dayjobbers rejoice! Here is a place where you can sit down and have healthy, fast, vegetarian/vegan food and make it back to work in time for the rest of the daily grind.  For those who must have their meat, they serve a limited selection of meat dishes. The majority of the food has a Mediterranean influence. There are unique daily specials. You can order from the menu where one can get their falaffel (or burger) on. It does get busy and crowded during lunch but there usually is ample seating room and turn over, since the downtown/campus dayjobbers (who mostly frequent this establishment around the lunchtime)  have to make it back quickly. As far as I know Caspian Cafe is only open until 5p or 6p on weekdays, so make it for lunch or an early dinner.
Uneven hummus but consistently tasty yogurt sauce and DELICIOUS fresh-baked bread (that, I have noticed, they tend to run out of toward the end of the day -- so be quick with it!)
Now here's the type of restaurant I don't get in Valley City! The Caspian Cafe's specialty is Persian, and it's very interesting to try. It's not my favorite, given that there's quite a bit of cheese on several of the menu items, but not on everything. The soups are pretty good, and their specialty items are what I would recommend the most. Oh yeah, I tried tabouli for the first time here, before I really knew that I loved it, so I definitely want to come back just for that.
After a very disappointed experience at Mediterranean Cafe on state, my hope of savoring a good Mediterranean food was thinning down. But Caspian saved me. For dinner, I ordered Falafel sandwich, which came with tabbouleh salad with thick creamy yogurt sauce. The tabbouleh salad was so good by itself, but the yogurt sauce definitely sealed the deal. Delicious. The sandwich was served on their homemade bread. This was very good as well. I'd like to go back for lunch and try other items on the menu.
This space has been through a lot of restaurants. It's a hole in the wall and you need to walk into an area that is not much larger than a window well to get there. However, I've always considered the spot rather magical, and these owners have worked to make it seem cozy. It is warm and welcoming.

The food. For $8, I got a lunch plate with chicken on a skewer. This was the star of the show. It was incredibly moist and falling apart as I removed it from the stick. The yogurt sauce was a nice compliment to the basamati rice (I belive it had saffron in it as well) and the long roasted banana pepper was a nice touch. To start, I received a crunch collection of peppers, cucumbers, etc. in a zingy vinaigrette. 

If you like small spaces with pizazz and the sound of your meal sizzling soon after your order, Layla's is worth a visit. Nice, friendly owners and excellent service.
The food is good! I just hope they're becoming more consistent with the hours. Very reasonably priced, delicious Iranian food!
Layla's is probably one of the best things that I just happened to stumble upon, and it's funny considering how I only just noticed it a few days ago given how many times I walked past the spot. From my experience, it's an amazing lunch spot. It has a very easy going atmosphere, as the space is just a couple rooms in the lower floor of a building, and since the place rarely has more than a few other people in it, it's very quiet. In some settings this can be off putting, but around the Capitol it's a pleasant rarity to find a place so peaceful. Also, Layla (I think it was Layla at least) is the cook and server, and she's very sociable, and makes you feel welcome in her space.

In terms of food, it hits the spot in many ways. I ordered one of their stews (all of which can be made vegan, for those with diet restrictions), and it was a perfect lunch. The stew I ordered was a pomegranate walnut sauce, with butternut squash (vegan version only), and it was delicious with the side of rice. The salad you can get beforehand may be basic, but it's very yummy for what it is. Finally, GET THE BAKLAVA. It'll melt right in your mouth and make you go mmmmmmm. My entire meal was merely $9 as well, and it was well worth every cent.

The only con to Layla's I can think of are the hours. It's only open for lunch on weekdays, so pretty much anyone who doesn't work right in downtown won't have the chance to experience it. I'm sure it would do fine business on weekends, so Layla should consider having it open then. But if you can go to Layla's, then you definitely should!
A little hidden gem near the State Capitol. 

Layla's only serves lunch. We came around this place at 1pm and there was only 3 entrees left. So, arrive early if you have specific items to try out. Entrees are pre-cooked and come with basmati rice and salad/soup, so you can get food very quickly once you sit down. 

Layla's is located in the half-basement of a hostel on Butler st. Kinda a hole in the wall place. But I usually care very little but the decor of a restaurant. Layla's also feels magical. I thought i was suddenly jumped to a backpacker's home somewhere far far away from Madison. 

We had Ghormeh sabzi (lamb slow cooked with greens and beans) and Fesenjoon (Chicken cooked in walnut pomegranate sauce). I have close to zero knowledge on Persian food, but i really like my food! $8 each for a lunch meal, seems to me very reasonable for what i got. Cash only.
This is a great spot for lunch if you are downtown. They have vegan and vegetarian options. I had the vegan stew which was delicious. The menu is seasonal so everything tastes fresh. Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered, with the ultimate favorite being the baklava so save room for it!
I ate there for lunch based of a recommendation from a coworker and it was very good.  I got a grass fed lamb dish (can't remember the name) that has cilantro and it was quite tasty.  I really wanted the Baklava, but the owner mentioned that it didn't turn out well so she didn't want to sell a project she thought was inferior to her standards.  She did however give me a piece at no cost and offered to give me a free piece on my next visit.  Talk about great service!  Even though it wasn't to her standards it wasn't that bad.  I'm looking forward to trying it when it is up to her standards.