Good trip at least once

Tortilla Flat was a stop for gold miners and a post office for people around the area.  It has a population of 6.  Yes, it's small.  It has a cute little history written on the walls.

The best thing about this little stop is the saloon and general store.  I haven't tried any of the food in the saloon, but it's kind of neat to go in and look around.  The general store's little gem are the flavors of hand made ice cream.  

Mmmm...prickly pear ice cream.

Don't go to Tortilla Flat expecting a grand Disneyland feel, it's just a little surprising outcropping in the Superstition Mountains.  But if you're in the area and passing through, you HAVE to make a stop and try the ice cream at least.  Plus you get a little Arizona history in the system.
This is a good road trip. Actually, one of the primary reasons people visit Tortilla Flat is that the winding Apache Trail can potentially be a really fun road to take your sports car or motorcycle for a ride, and it's the last place to stop before the pavement ends. You can also find yourself stuck behind a slow truck with a boat trailer for 20 miles, so don't get your hopes up.

The food in the saloon is your basic pub grub (burgers, sandwiches, tacos). It was pretty good, and priced better than one would expect for a tourist trap. The general store is famous for it's prickly pear ice cream, which I'll leave to some other reviewer to describe (the mint chocolate chip was good). There's also an interesting little museum next door, about the size of a garden shed, with a little history of Tortilla Flat as a stagecoach stop.

It's worth checking out.
oh the kitchiness of the dessert... the walls are covered in one dollar bills.  all are signed by patrons and passers-by.  the bathroom has painted women (old west attire).  the bar has saddles that you sit on instead of stools.  

moving on to the food.
the water had a chlorine/salt taste to it.  their dr. pepper didn't taste much like dr. pepper, i think the soda water must have been fizzled out since there was little carbonation.  
they had a cheese crisp on the menu for $7ish.  it is a giant tortilla, covered with cheese, another tortilla, more cheese, and green chili's.  i peeled the chili's off, the flavor left was nice.  the cheese was a bit thick,  there was nothing all too exciting about this appetizer.
i got a burger with fries.  it was cooked well, which i like, but didn't ask for.  the fries were not too thin, mostly soggy (which i like).  not wet soggy, just the not crisp kind.
the chicken strips were larger than normal.  the cheese enchiladas are wonderful according to the one eating them.  as if they made the sauce themselves.  the blt was minimally built, very little bacon, considered "eh."

the waitress was nice, but flighty.  she wasn't direct with us, just kind of there.  when we asked for bbq, or refills, she never looked at us, but responded as she walked away.  didn't listen to our orders completely.  it was asked that chili's be put on half the crisp, but was on all of it.  i asked for just pickles on my hamburger, but it was naked.

the drive there is pretty.  i wouldn't see how anyone would be driving through here on a road trip, but if you are, it's not bad, but not wonderful.
Good day drive for us touristy folks!  Even more fun via motorcycle!  One of the only places left with the ever-so-delious prickly pear icecream!  For some reason, the bathrooms really stand out in my memory of this place.  Guess they were really fun for bathrooms with the paintings!  The saloon has all the things you'd expect in the wild west.  Saddle up!
Tourist trap in every sense of the word. Restaurant and gift shop are overpriced and the ice cream isn't anything special. Come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs.

Visit Date: 11/20/09
Five stars for the photo ops. 

I found the combination of a few old buildings and rusty junk a perfect place to stop. I am not sure if it is tourist trap I did look in the store and the prices seemed about what they would be other places. I was only interested in lunch and photography and was able to do both successfully
Roads are good
Service not so good

This place is a tourist trap in every sense of the word. The restaurant and gift shop are overpriced for what you get and the ice cream isn't anything special. Service from the staff needs to be a lot better and treat the customers like you want them there. Always understaffed always waiting on food. Been there a half dozen time no improvement.

Do come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs. Great road for motorcycles ride.

During the summer outdoor cooking.
Tortilla Flat is the kind of place you take out-of-towners when they're grating on your nerves and you threaten to leave them there unless they pull their act together. 

It's also a fun place to take out-of-towners and claim they have the best Mexican food in the state, only to see their disappointment when you get the Grande Nachos. 

Speaking of that restaurant, that's the best place to take MJB, hand her a red pen and their menu/newspaper and say "Go for it, baby. I found 14 grammatical errors above the fold." 

Okay. So that last one makes me appear to be an elitist, egotistical, insensitive prick. 

On a serious note, Tortilla Flat is a great place to take someone (or yourself) after Canyon Lake. It's only a few minutes away and is such a quaint locale. The dollars on the restaurant walls are enough for the trip. Walking along the river and seeing the power of water over stone is another reason. And feeling the sand that's been washed down is spectacular. (I have a sand collection of my travels and those of my friends, so sand in alcohol bottles means something deep to me...I just didn't have an empty bottle this time.) The food isn't great, but the staff are all characters and isn't that what a town of six permanent residents is all about??
Enjoyed the ride to the town, nice twisty road with some scenery! Liked the Bar Stools...They were sadles. Food was decent and beer cold what more can ya ask for!!! ENJOYED THE DAY! and learned a little more history!!! Go early since the place is VERY BUSY with snowbirds and bikers!!!
"Tourist Stop"  

Nestled off the Apache trail a little strip mall of an old west town sits.  It is really crowded with a lot of people, and we had a hard time finding a spot to park.  My husband and I were excited to stop in the saloon/resturant for some of there "famous chili" we read about on the web.  Walked into the restaurant and saw thousands of dollar bills stapled all around the interior with an old west vibe.  Hostess was really slammed with taking peoples names down for a table.  She told us a 10 minute wait.. I think it was more like 15, but whatever.  
We sat down and our waitress was off who knows where, we waited another 10 minutes to get our menu's and drinks.  I ordered a BLT sandwich, my husband ordered the "killer chili" and a burger meal.  Chili came out and was super bland, nothing spectacular about it....  Food was OK, Denny's quality, prices were descent.  Probably next time we will look for another restaurant in town before going on the Apache Trail ride...
I love this place!  I don't care if it's touristy or not.  Since I always bring people from out of town, it's kinda neat.  Coming from the midwest, we don't have much like this to offer, as far as scenery and wild west style.  It's a great couple hour get-a-way from the city, and it's a fun fun drive.  The chilli is great in my opinion, and I'm pretty darn picky about chilli.  Cheese crisp with green chillies on it is damn good too!   Their bathrooms are pretty funny too :)

Saddle up and grab a beer partner!
Got lucky coming here, It was just before the rush of tourist.  This place really does make you feel like a tourist though, whether that is a good thing or bad thing is your choice.  I will have to say the quality of food was better than expected, I got the chili and cheese crisp.  I hear the chili can go either way of agreeing or disagreeing with your stomach, but I got lucky here.  The sarsaparilla was especially refreshing I must say.

All in all, good place when you are in the mountains, but if you hate tourist, run away.
Yes, I am now of fan of Tortilla Flat.  There's not a lot of options in the eastern Phoenix area and this is a fun, historic place.  The drive is beautiful.  The bathrooms are unique, there's no phone service, dollar bills cover the walls, bar stools are saddles.  We had burgers & fries, and all was tasty.  We visited the general store and had some prickly pear ice cream.  It was a fun outing and we'll probably go again when visiting MIL in Apache Junction.
After a crazy drive doing the long loop of the 60 to the 188 to the 88 I was happy to have reached Tortilla Flat. I had been looking forward to saddling up at the bar, literally and grabbing a burger after what I read online.

The service was VERY friendly, the food was great, and it was an overall good experience. People were friendly and chatting with those around then, the food was tasty and came out quick, and it was the perfect spot to stop along the Apache Trail. Grabbed a Prickly Pear ice cream from the parlor and I was off.I am looking forward to going back.
We've eating here numerous times after a long grueling hikes through the eastern end of the Superstitions. Great place for a burger and beer. Be sure to ask for jalapenos ... they'll bring you a generous serving for your burgers. One note - the place is loaded with snowbirds in the winter during the daylight hours - and stay off the saddles at the bar - they look cute, but not too comfortable.
long drive for a touristy, drab area, with not much to do.
What a unique place to visit!  Alittle touristy, but alot of great spots for photo ops.  There is not much, but the name was so interesting that we had to check it out!
Quaint little stopping place on the way of the Apache Trail.
It's one street with parking and some old school buildings.
That really is about all there is to say about this place...
The place is cool for a touristy spot. The BBQ chicken sandwich was yummmmy! We went next door for some ice cream an it was ok.
When we arrived we headed to the saloon where we seated ourselves, waited a bit for service, When service did arrive, we were told to take our time, but felt rushed by the server.  A comment was made because I brought a special salad in I have to eat because of my health and doctor recommendations. My daughter and wife ate off the menu, and i split the lunch with my wife. Maybe it's because of health laws, which I was made aware of by the waiter, but the initial remark sparked this yelp comment.  He did tell me later he realized we did order from the menu, but reminded me you don't come into a bar and bring your own beer!   True, but then I also have to adhere to my food i brought and not letting it spoil in the hot car. I will not say i'm not at fault on this entirely, but  I should have consulted the manager prior. It's just that b4 making any comments at least question and find out why I had brought in the food; don't just assume, or state your policy politely.  The ice cream shop would even spot me a small complimentary scoop to see if it agreed with my tastes. So I said ok, never mind and walked out.  We didn't even bother going to the mercantile store!!  I'd not be interested to revisit this place
Be realistic. This is a place to stop, in the middle of nowhere, to get your buzz on for the winding ride back to civilization. It is the RIDE that is worth the saddle rash from sitting with your crotch rubbing on a saddle horn for two hours. (The bar stools are old western saddles, pommels included, ouch) The service is poor. WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?! Those poor people live in the middle of nowhere. They are very busy on their cell phones and talking to each other about their plans after work. Make sure you check out the SEXY calendar for sale, GIRLS OF TORTILLA FLAT, COUGH COUGH. That is their BEST selection, ya know.....While you are there ,walk around and see just how small the town's wooden (cardboard) schoolhouse was. The breakfasts are fine. Burgers fair. There are plenty of people having fun around you, tourists, bikers, so the vibe is good. Colorful and crowded with beer in a mason jar.  Be careful on that ride back if you drink, bring a driver cuz them cliffs are scaryyyyy.
Lunch was excellent. Everything was clean the beer cool. Going back for sure. Love the saddle bar chairs.
Beautiful location tucked in the valley, taking a great drive through the mountains, and suddenly you discover this wonderful place!

Yes, it's a bit touristy like and at certain times of the day, it's crowded, but it's worth stopping and checking out.  The saddle stools, the western feel, reminds me of a few old cowtown bars back home in Ft. Worth stockyards!  

It's a bar, so the food is just what you'd expect, nothing special, it was good to stop and enjoy the ambiance.
Well, it's nothing crazy. It's a stopping point where you can eat and do a bit of gift shopping along the Apache Trail. There was also a little museum (like, really little) where it has a bit of history or people who came as well as the story behind all the $1 bills that are stapled on all the walls of the businesses. We also ate there and I was pleasantly surprised. I had the grilled chicken burger (the one with green chile, cheese, bacon) and it was actually quite good and the chicken was moist. The BF had the chili in the bread bowl which was also very good. The chips were stale, so we left them, but that just helped us from overeating :-)
i've never been but since i have a visitor in town whom loves the old west, i couldn't resist driving out here. first off, the drive through the canyon is amazing! the rocks and cliffs and the lake is breathtaking to me. my dad however just wonders aloud every few minutes "how the hell did you get a wagon train out here? and why?" 
we arrived in tortilla flats, on a weekday, about 2pm and it was crawling with tourists. i had hoped to sit at the bar at the saloon but it was so packed with wisonsinites, new yorkers, and minnesotans, we decided to just walk around. 
i did read about the prickly pear gelato so we stopped by the ice cream shop and i tried some. it was surprisingly delicious. 
it takes all of 10 minutes to walk the tiny strip. there's a small museum at the end of the strip and apparently some hiking across the road. basically, it's a huge tourist draw, much like Helen, GA or Gatlinburg, TN. luckily, we found a parking spot right in front of the saloon so my knee-deficient father didn't have to walk far. 
i would return to take out-of-towners, but not for myself. the drive alone is worth it though.
Surprisingly good little tourist spot on the way through the Apache Trail,  this historic landmark was once a stop for the stagecoach.  We expected bland and standard fare, but got good quality fast food and good service.  I give it 4 stars for these points I note, and recommend you stop if you want a quick bite in a cool spot.
I live in Mesa,AZ and whenever we have guests in town or want too go for a nice drive , we head for Tortilla Flats. It is an awesome trip and many places to stop on the way too take pictures and just enjoy good old Arizona scenery. You can make a day of it by first stopping at Goldfield mining town, don't forget to take the mining tour and the train ride. Then hop in you car and head too Canyon Lake, it has a sandy beach for swimming, boat marina, restaurant, and a wonderful steam boat ride on the lake. They also have RV camping with boating and fishing. Then hop back in your car for a short ride to Tortilla Flats, a quaint little western town with the best 1/2 hamburger ever. Onion rings are great too plus lots more great food. They also have a little place that sells ice cream, yummy. This is 3/27 and the wild flowers are all in bloom along the road and over the desert and mountains, The ride is beyond beautiful. Hope you try it and don't forget your camera.
Try the snake bite venom draft. Very good.  Be patient on drive here, no need to hurry.
o.k. so It's been since the late 80's wheni was a tween since I've been here , and the popultion was just 'six' then too! It was such a nice way to trek out of Pheonix/tempe ,i plan to do it again sometime! Untill theni encourage you to go see tortilla flats for yourself and write your own review for me! o.k.?  /alexavier
I don't know about anyone else, but to me, this place seems sort of doomed. Based on the history lesson we learned in the tiny museum shack, Tortilla Flat has burned down or been destroyed somehow about 3 or 4 times. Consider the fact that it was supposedly started by a no-good, ragamuffin, low-down dirty thief/murderer who lost his booty somewhere out in the desert, maybe it wasn't meant to last this long. 

But this is America! We can keep anything alive and running if it earns enough money! Hallelujah, praise the sweet Baby Jesus!

According to some mathematical equation, they've estimated that the saloon/restaurant has over $80,000 in single dollar bills stapled to the walls, kindly donated by tourists and lookie-loo's from Round the World. The town itself was most recently purchased by some company for over 1.3 million dollars. It was originally purchased for $11,000. 

As of today in the Year of Our Lord 2013, the great attraction of Tortilla Flat is the burger in the restaurant, the live music in the saloon (only part of the year) and the Prickly Pear Gelato in the ice cream parlor (which you can't taste before you buy). 

It also doesn't hurt that the drive there is quite beautiful. We did it on a motorcycle and had a grand old time swooping around the curves and passing elderly out-of-towners in their comfortable SUVs. 

Might as well do it once if you live here, but I'm not sure I would recommend it to visiting Snow Birds.
I really enjoy making the drive out here from Mesa. When I have out of town visitors and after I couple of days they get tired of the seeing desert-khaki hell we call home I drive them out to show that we have some nice views. Tortilla Flats is a stop along the Apache Trail and basically just four buildings: a store that has some touristy items, turquoise jewelry, purses, and also sells the Tonto Pass for those going back to the lake. The bar is nice - I had pancakes there one morning and they were huge. The general store has a good selection of ice cream. I had the prickly pear and a bottle of sarsaparilla. The final building is the small museum. In the past I never had cell reception, but my most recent trip I was able to pick it up. It is a short drive from Mesa but a completely different landscape along the way. Everyone I have brought from out of town was surprised to see the lake, the beautiful cacti, and the nice rocky landscape.
Got together with Mike C., Jackie C. & Robyn N. today for an outing up to Tortilla Flat here today & I thought the whole experience was just great!


THE SUPERSTITION SALOON:

We arrived early to enjoy a meal here before the "Steamboat" ride.  This is a screwball place with $100,000 wallpapering the entire place in Dollar bills, various animal heads, skins & whatnot decorating the walls, & so on.  

I went with a "Bull Rider" (or something like that) burger, which came with 1/2 Lb. of meat, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mild green pepper strips, bacon and cheese, plus a good side of fries.  Fun restaurant, great burger & service, good coffee!

Bull Rider Burger & Fries $8.99, Coffee $1.85.

= = = = = =

THE DOLLY STEAMBOAT:

This nice, pretend Paddlewheel Steamer takes you for a leisurely 2-hour ride up to the other end of long, skinny Canyon Lake here.  The boat can hold a little over a hundred people, and there were around 60 of us onboard for this fun ride, including the friendly, knowledgeable staff.  It's a 2-Story boat with windows all along the sides.  The downstairs is air conditioned & upstairs the windows were open, so you have a choice of atmosphere.  There are also outdoor areas to hang out both at the forecastle and the stern.  I split my time between the cool & warm, breezy areas.  

Everything about this boat and the ride were just great... a real class presentation.  The scenery is beautiful up here and we enjoyed seeing a variety of wildlife including several Bighorn Sheep and a Bald Eagle perched on a ledge of the cliff side.  It was a great outing all around!

Boat Ride:  $22 (& 2-for-1 with Groupon).     :-))
A scenic drive 12 miles east of the valley brought us to Tortilla Flat, an old stagecoach stop with a population of 6 that is now a saloon and general store. This is like stepping into the 1800s with the wood plank walk way and hitching posts to the hand carved wooden Indian that greets you at the entrance of the saloon. I found it odd that the music in the background was 70s & 80s pop but everything else about the décor looked authentic. The walls are papered with dollar bills that patrons have signed and dated over the years. 
    They have a full bar with the usual mixed drinks and beers as well as a couple local micro-brews. The grub on the other hand is not your typical bar food. They have a western theme and flavor to the dishes they serve up. I have had the "killer chili" served in a bread bowl and topped with shredded cheese. Not too spicy but just enough kick to give it that southwest flavor. Today I ordered the "killer sized burger". It was a 1/2 pound patty covered in chili and topped with cheese and a side of fries. It was all I could eat. 
   The price was reasonable and the experience worth the drive out. I like to bring visitors from out of town here for lunch and to buy souvenirs. This goes on my list of places to take friends and relatives to when they visit.
This place is a fun stop and a tourist trap. But get past the trap and enjoy, burgers are good and prices decent.  story written outside about Jacob Waltz and the lost gold mine is pure BS but so what it is a tourist trap.
I would rather eat dog food that has been left in the hot desert sun for a month. Their "cheese" amounts to moist paste with a dash of flavor. There is nothing special about this place aside from the quaint old cowboy feel. I would rather starve then spend my money here again. The best thing I consumed there was my beer. Do not believe the hype it cafeteria hot plate food with western names. Awful.
Worth a visit for the atmosphere and the beer. The food was just OK. Even the famous chili was so-so. Yeah, it was damn hot. But not that tasty. The waitress we had was indifferent and acted as if we were an inconvenience. I wouldn't go back.
I love this little place. It's touristy and who doesn't love a little kitsch? We enjoy sitting at the bar on the saddles and having a sarsaparilla. We don't usually eat here but have had the burgers and think they are good. It's all about the location!

I have gone on a Sunday when they had live music and are grilling outdoors. Don't know the "When's"  of this event? It is a fun stop while at the lake.
You can buy a Tonto day pass at the store. The store also has a nice selection of Arizona books and wildflower guides, hiking books and all things regional.
I love Tortilla Flat. Total tourist trap yes, but definitely a must see. The downfall is that the food at the restaurant leaves much to be desired. I had a grilled chicken dish that was served on top of a piece of lettuce and a folded tortilla with fruit salad on the side. Such a bizarre combo, but it was the healthiest thing I could find on the menu. Go in, grab a beer and check the place out. Save your meal for someplace else though.
All I can say about this place is that it is a classic tourist trap.  They know that the snowbirds will flock in no matter how horrible the food is.

I am a local who has avoided this place until today when I finally succumbed to a friend's insistance that I try it.  I ordered the enchalada's.  What  a disgusting mess was delivered to my table.  The enchalada's were hard as logs and I could barely cut them with a knife. The taste was not much better.  It was quite apparent that this product was frozen and then microwaved prior to serving.  Despite the fact that I was quite hungry, barely ate any of my lunch.

Again, this is a tourist trap and clearly they care little about the quality of the food.  It's a nice scenic area, but do you yourself a favor an eat before you drive up there.  This food is horrid.
Went here last Wednesday-DEFINITLEY worth the trip!! Although it is pretty far out there. They have amazing hot dogs. I got the cowboy hot dog (simple I know) but they also have amazing burgers and soups/chowders!! Amazing!
One of my favorite type of places...a tourist trap! 

We eschewed spring training baseball in favor of visiting Tortilla Flat and chewing on some pretty good food at the Tortilla Flat Superstition Saloon. Our waitress, Mitzy, heartily recommended the Venom, a poisonous combination of excellent beef and unearthly hot chili.  She put it on the chili aficionado's hot scale of 7-8 out of 10. Good call, Mitz! The amber house beer, also with Venom as part of its title, was a bit thin but not too bad for a house beer, sort of like a Michalob brown/amber. Anyhow, it went well with the chiliburger.

Of course, part of the Superstition ambiance is the huge collection of dollar bills that covers the walls and ceiling. According to my wife, the women's restroom also had its own personality with head cutouts on the doors. To take full advantage of this novelty, you'd have to find someone willing to forgo the real reason for entering the restroom so your picture could be taken. 

The restaurant seating is tightly orchestrated. Unfortunately, a loutish foursome from "cheesehead" country tried to outshout each other about the perceived shortcomings of the food and service. Lunch over, we ambled past the few businesses of Tortilla Flat. The bellicose Wisconsin gentleman found another couple from his home state and they did some sort of bucolic ritual that involved calling each other a cheesehead and bumping elbows. 

Don't you just love tourist traps!
We took a ride up the Apache trail to Tortilla Flats, we were there around 1pm and the Saloon was real busy. We were able to sit at the bar and had the pleasure of sitting in saddles. I had the chili for an appetizer, warning it is very spicy hot. I had the taco salad for main dish, it was ok, I was kind of disappointed. My wife had the turkey sandwhich, she was pleased with her food. Very interesting place to eat and worth a stop for lunch on the way to Roosevelt dam.
What a place. Fun, a nice scenic drive, a live band, a great ice cream parlor. A fantastic hot chili that we gobbled up. A fantastic burger. One half pound of juicy great arizona beef. Good fries. You people, this is a chili and burger place and you order fish in the middle of nowhere and expect goumet. Thet are known for their great burgers and chili, not there chicken, turkey and fish. They also make some great Mexican food and taco salads.
Saddle-up at the bar.  :)
No, seriously... hop up into a saddle and sit at the bar.
(Note... there is a small dining area that you can sit in as well as an outdoor patio area which I recommend when it's nice outside.)

Hubby and I were out roaming around on a Saturday.... so we had a brew and a snack (shared the beef hot dog) before we continued roaming around.  The folks here are a little rough around  the edges but nice. 
The beef hot dog was excellent... and the pretzel bun that it was served on was Spot On!  I gotta find me some pretzel hot dog buns.  :)

For the females... check out the bathroom... super cute.  :)
Guys... I have no idea what they have in your bathroom so I can't say.  LOL!
Halfway along the Apache Trail is a little stop off called Tortilla Flat. For many, this is the place to turn back to Phoenix because the road after is smaller and unpaved.  But if you're committed to taking the entire trail, this is a must stop for a bathroom break.  I also heard a little somethin' somethin' about some Prickly Pear Gelato so yeah, I had to add that to my list of to do's.  You can't miss it, it's right along the trail and it's the first form of civilization you come across.

Tortilla Flat is an authentic remnant of an old west town, nestled in the midst of the Tonto National Forest, in the Superstition Mountain Range. Tortilla Flat started out as a stagecoach stop in 1904.  Tortilla Flat is presumed to be Arizona's smallest official "community" having a U.S. Post Office and voter's precinct. The town has a population of 6. Originally a camping ground for the prospectors who searched for gold in the Superstition Mountains in the mid-to-late 19th century, Tortilla Flat was later a freight camp for the construction of Theodore Roosevelt Dam.

The name "Tortilla Flat" originated from the cowboys who used to drive cattle from Globe to Phoenix. While in Phoenix, rancher Mr. Cline and his fellow cowboys celebrated their sale, and, having a little too much to drink, forgot to get supplies while they were in town. They ended up with only flour to make tortillas when they camped at the flat and were stranded. Lucky for me, they now have Prickly Pear Cactus Gelato!  It's VERY sweet, especially at 10 a.m., but I just had to have it! If I would of had more time, I wish I could have stopped off at the restaurant for a meal.  

If you're looking for more than a fix for your sweet tooth (or jerky, postcards, nuts and tourist junk which can all be had at the general store), the restaurant is the only place to go actually.  There's nothing else around! And it's the only place with a restroom.  The quick view of the walls plastered with dollar bills from visitors all over the world (didn't leave one) and the cutesy painted bathrooms are worth a peek too.
For being about the only restaurant in this general area, is was not too bad.  I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich which came with fries.  Overall it was good, but I had to ask for a side of BBQ sauce as it was a bit dry.  The side of cole slaw was very good--who doesn't love to dump it on top of the sandwich?!  My wife got the cheeseburger, and said it was just like off the grill, pretty good.
The décor was obviously Old West and where they staple signed $1 bills to the wall from customers, very similar to the restaurant in Oatman, AZ.  Outside on the patio  there was live music, daily between 12-4.
I've been to Tortilla Flats several times in my life.  Both on a Harley and a vehicle. On my last trip we took the Apache Tl down and stopped at TF for some gelato.  Prickly Pear gelato that is!  Wow, awesome.  We also had a piece of fudge.  Also good.

After getting our gelato we walked around the building of TF.  I've heard that this place has burnt down several times and had to be rebuilt.  I have been inside the restaurant a while ago, and their burgers were great.  If I was actually hungry I'd go inside to order one.

Our stay didn't last long though, after touring the building, we finished our gelato and made our drive back to Phx.   

One last thing, the drive is long, and twisty, but it's very beautiful and worth it to come down here.
Ambiance is great, prickly pear ice cream is good! The bathrooms in the saloon have like 3ft tall doors, so other women can definitely see inside. I had my mom stand in front of mine and I did for her, kinda weird. There's a small museum, like I mean a closet, with the history of Tortilla Flats, it's neat. We came here from phoenix and this was our turn around point.
We were looking for something to do on Mother's Day so we opted for a drive. Since I have been wanting to come out here for a while we headed that direction. We had a bit of a drive just to reach the Apache Trail but it wasn't too bad. The road once you past Goldfield becomes very curvy so plan on taking your time and just enjoy the ride. It seemed like around every turn was another "Wow look at that" view. We stopped a few times along the way to enjoy the scenery. When we reached our destination we enjoyed looking in the gift shop that had tons of cool stuff in it. I could have spent way more time, and money, in there than I did. The also have a little general store where you can buy drinks, trinkets and candy as well as ice cream. The ice cream seemed to be very popular. We decided to go ahead and have lunch in the saloon. 
The saloon was not too busy although they had a large stack of pagers so I imagine some days there will be a wait. The saloon itself is pretty unique and I thought the saddle bar stools were awesome. The good was reasonable priced and pretty good. I would definitely return again the next time we are out for a drive. It was fun playing tourist for the day
Seriously....middle of nowhere joint, but they really put a great effort into the food and it shows.  We were a group of ten at 2 pm on a Wednesday.  Not a bad thing to say about the place or the food. 

Draft beer served in mason jars. Give you Sharpies to decorate your dollars for the walls.  Service was super too. Saddle up to the bar....literally. All was great!!!