I had the priviledge of dining here tonight before they open to the public. The Mastro's really know the art form of making you feel like a true VIP..This is the nicest looking restaurant in the Valley.. Absolute nothing was spared in the lavish, and oppulent interior..The second floor pool on the roof is absolutely breath taking.. The uniforms are amazing.. The wine wall is stunning.
THE FOOD:
Maryland Crabcake
Colossal Shrimp Cocktail
Baratta and Peppers
Bone-in Filet
Bone-in Ribeye
Shoestring Fries
Double Creamed Corn
Sauteed Garlic Spinach
Dominick Augratin Potatoes
Smore Cake
Vanilla Gelato..
YES... I have lots of togo bags..Yes.. I will be playing tennis in the morning..
The service is exceptional... Mastro's is old school.. They really pay attention to the dtails..There is just not enough that can be said about the atmosphere.. This is a game changer for the Valley IMO..This is the best Steakhouse in Arizona.. Probably a top 10 USDA Prime Steakhouse in the country...
Being from Nebraska, I can taste a good steak from a mile away. Up until visiting Dominick's last night, I had not eaten a good steak since moving to the Valley three years ago. The flavor, texture, presentation and everything about Dominick's steaks, along with all of their other dishes, is phenomenal. The staff really knows how to make each person feel like an elite and the ambience surrounding the restaurant is fabulous as well. I can't wait to make a reservation for pool-side dining underneath the stars up on the second floor next time!
Best of the BEST in food, ambiance, wait staff, drinks, and entertaiment and MORE! With out any doubt~my all time favorite! Thanks to Dennis Mastro and Scotty the owners, this city has gained it's class back once again.
LOVE! LOVE!
 Now go there and see for yourselves!
Debra Savittieri
Enjoyed a night out last night at Dominicks. 

The good:
* Decor
*Crowd
*Overall feeling
*Wine list
*Food was well prepared
*People watching

The bad:
* Staff, although very attentive, seemed like they all started that night and were nervous or trying to hard. I dont like being called sir or made to feel like royality, but do like the waiter or waitress to just make it happen. Kinda one step ahead of what I need. 

Again, they are very attentive, but almost to a point of feeling fake. 

Set aside a place far away from the front door for smokers, I dont like waiting for my car at the valet stand and having the cloud of smoke from 20 feet away blow over us. Not really Dominicks fault, but did detract from our experience.

Overall, a great time and would return. Glad to see the Mastro's family back in the game.
The steaks were great - we had filet mignon and ribeye - well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  That said, the steak tartare lacked any flavor and the signature lobster gnocchi side was really overcooked and heavy.  The smores cake tasted liked a chain restaurant dessert.

But the entire experience was ruined by the duo singing/playing in the bar.  The noise level was extreme throughout the restaurant-  a woman at the next table was literally yelling to be heard and so we were (unfortunately) privvy to her entire conversation.  We could not relax and enjoy our own conversation, and the band very bad so it was not even a pleasure to listen.
Made the mistake of ordering lobster at a steak house.
Went there once not sure I'll ever go back.  Pros:  Good steak and great bar.  The Cons list is long:  you have to pay $6 to valet your car to spend $400 on dinner, everything other than the steak was mediocre at best, server failed to bring the right scotch 2 times, server failed to bring the detailed receipt which proved he brought the wrong scotch twice, the bar is just like Marco Polo a meat  market for both blue hairs and hookers.  I was shocked such a new place had such a clientele out of the gate.  Don't waste your time if you want a great meal and service.  You won't find it here.  Overpriced and over hyped.  They need to change their ways quick to make this steakhouse a winner.  I'm going back to my old favorites......
I am sorry this place is beautiful to look at but the food is a huge disappointment.  I wish I didn't have to say it but City Hall is better.  I should start from the beginning...........

I had been looking forward to come here, so by the time our reservations rolled around I was ready to eat!!!!  We arrive about 15 min before our reservation, and proceeded to the bar to order a drink. 

First the access to the bartender was impossible and when we finally ordered my boyfriend had his drink in a few minutes and my glass of champagne no where to be seen ( we will revisit this later)  We waited for 10 min before the rest of our party showed and we were seated.  

NOTE - they do have good music, and you can sit at the grand piano and have apps and cocktails.  The live music is a great cover.

Upon sitting we promptly notified our waiter that we had not paid for our drinks at the bar and that I had ordered a glass and never received it.  He then took our drink order and returned with the beverages and I finally received my glass.  About 5 mins after that the server comes back with the first glass I ordered sitting down a 20 min old champagne that was flat and room temperature at that point - and proceed to charge me for it!!!!!  He appeared to think this was an accomplishment that he found the glass, I was at this point just annoyed and thought it was poor taste.

The Food:  Such promise to fall so flat, the menu does offer a variety other than steak, but a larger seafood selection and some chefs specials.  

Apps - we ordered the Calamari and the Burrata with Roast Peppers ( why they give 1 piece of crostini for 4 people I don't understand)  I had to ask for extra 2X and then is dropped about 7 pieces on the plate ( OVERKILL)

The calamari was decent but nothing to rave about, the breading is lighter and there are two dipping sauces, and remulaude and cocktail.

I ordered the Bone in Filet Medium, this is were I just get upset.  It comes out half well done and the other half raw!!!!!!!!!!!! I am not even sure how one can achieve cooking a steak that bad but it was the worse I have ever had, EVER.  

Sides - FAMILY STYLE, so if you order, 1 side will split 4 ways easy, the server said that it would serve 4 tops, but I think it could push serving 6 people.  We had the Gouda Cheese Au Gratin COLD & UNDERCOOKED

Broccoli - UNDERCOOKED AND HARD, in fact I really wanted to send it back, but at this point it was just pointless.  I really just wanted to finish my meal

Gnocchi - Has to come from a BAG, no one would make gnocchi that big and you could barely taste the lobster in it.  

Needless to say, just the whole place fell flat.  The service wasn't bad but not steller as I would except for a $700 meal (4 people and booze included)

They are suppose to have another bar and water feature up stairs on the 3rd level, they were at capacity so we were not allowed to check it out.  I think the place my stay busy because of location and the crowd is definitely a certain crowd.  However I will be staying to old faith full City Hall in Old Town.
One word comes to mind when I think of fine-dining "Mastro's".

Mastro's collection of sophisticated, classic steakhouse and ocean club seafood locations are recognized for their combination of world-class service, highly acclaimed cuisine, and live entertainment in an elegant yet energetic atmosphere. A truly unparalleled fining experience. And now in North Scottsdale you have Dominick's Italian Steakhouse here are my personal recommendations.

APPETIZERS & SALADS
(3) Shrimp Cocktail $15.95
Dungeness Crab Cocktail $20.95
Beef Carpaccio $20.95
16oz Dominick's Prime Meatball $12.95
Oysters Oreganata $15.95
Dominick's Chopped Salad $8.95
Steamed Mussels (red or white) $15.95
Sliced Steak Scarpella $55.95

STEAKS & CHOPS
12oz Filet Mignon $37.95
 16oz New York Strip $41.95
33oz Chef's Cut Bone - In Rib Eye $47.95
14oz Birkshier "Double Cut" Pork Chop $32.95
24oz Prime Rib (available Friday and Saturday only) $47.95

SEAFOOD
Chilean Sea Bass $38.95
Shetland Island Salmon $27.95
Arctic Char Oreganata $35.95

CHICKEN & VEAL
22oz Osso Bucco (Available Friday and Saturday only) $41.95
16oz Bone-In Veal Chop $46.95

PASTA
Rigatoni (Marinara, Vodka Sauce or Meat Sauce) $21.95
Cavatelli (Dominick's Special Marinara) $22.95

SIDE DISHES
Garlic Mashed Potatoes $7.95
Gnocchi (with Crab meat and truffles) $7.95
Sautéed Spinach with Garlic $7.95
Asparagus Sautéed or Steamed $8.95
Creamed Corn $8.95
Creamed Spinach $7.95
After my second dinner at Dominicks I have found I was truly disappointed in the food and more so in the strange aroma that permeates the building.  

The positives: The opalescence demonstrated through hard woods, crystal chandeliers, water features is common to high end steak houses.  The negatives: The steaks were mediocre and nothing on the menu has left me "needing" to go back.

Then there is this terrible smell of "feet" that hits you just as you walk into the bar area. Just not acceptable if you want to attract patrons.

It does appear to be a hub for the seniors in our community and with the close of Marco Polo they now have a place to call home.
I had been looking forward to dining here for some time.  I liked the bar alot but once we sat down for dinner things didn't go so well.  I had one of the fish, I forgot which one, that came with a lemon sauce.  It was tasteless.  They were very nice and I sent it back and got the Veal Piccata.  It wasn't good at all.  The veal was more 4 thin McDonald's hamburger patties and had no flavor.  It wasn't just me, I had 3 others at the table try the dishes.  One of my guests had the Artic Char and it was nice.  The other person had a steak and it wasn't cooked properly so he sent it back at which time it came back fine.  Overall, not impressed.  I'll go back to the bar for a cocktail, I won't try the food again.
Mastro's 2.0....ambiance is as expected the streaks are awesome.  I had the ribeye and my wife had the filet, both were  cooked perfectly and had the texture and flavor only Mastro can provide.  We have have steak in many, many places in the country and they are always compared to the Dominick (Mastro) brand and none come close.
Now we have to decide.... Dominick's, Mastros, Domincks, Mastros.... Mmmm warm butter cake is good but why not stick with the original creator?
My husband and I just celebrated our 2 year anniversary here tonight.  The bread basket was amazing!  Husband had the 20 oz Rib Eye (bone in) and I had the Chilean Sea Bass with bread crumbs.  Both were perfect.  Their signature scaloped potatoes were mouth watering as was their asparagus.  We shared the vanilla Creme Brule and that too was divine.  We've both enjoyed other restaurants around the valley and beyond and this has just toped our list. The ambiance was so chic.  I'm glad we got to dine on the roof top by the fire and pool.  The service...the staff, waiter, servers...everyone was very kind and hospitable.  We are already looking forward to another great dining experience.  Thank you for opening here in Scottsdale.  This city would be happy to keep this gem hidden, but based on our experience and the packed tables, Dominic's is sure to do VERY well in other states.    Best of luck on expanding to other locations.  My only request is adding a Lobster Bisque to your menu.  Cheers!   J&J
Our daughter made a reservation and purchased a gift card to send us to Dominick's for our anniversary, advising the hostess when she made the reservation, of the occasion.  We arrived early and were told to come back closer to our reservation time but could spend the time in the lounge having a cocktail. Our bartender, Megan, was the high point of the evening.  She was very attentive, professional and genuine.    My husband went back to the hostess stand 2 times within 10 minutes of the res time, but the table wasn't ready.  He told THEM to come get US this time!!! After being seated, we were approached by the waitress who never introduced herself.  There was no personal touch to the service.  The food was very good but we felt rushed between courses as if they needed to turn the tables quickly!! Part way through our dinner four guests were seated next to us.  The live music in the bar, a pianist and singer, were so loud for the space that it was difficult to have a conversation.  This foursome felt it necessary to shout to converse which meant we were privy to all that was going on in their lives.  We finished our dinner, were asked if we had room for dessert, which we declined, paid the bill and left very disappointed.  There was not even a " happy anniversary" or a " how long have you been married"!!!  After all the hype about this new restaurant, we could not disagree more.  Their competition has it all over them!  When my daughter heard how disappointed we were, she decided to call and complain to the management.  Managers were in a management meeting and could not be  disturbed, so she left a message.  It has been over 24 hours and still no return phone call.  She called once again and was again given the run around!  She even told them she could be reached up until 10 P.M. This business does not deserve the prices they are charging for the type of service being given.  Management needs to get a clue.  They obviously don't have theri priorities straight.  Oh, and when we walked in there was an unpleasant odor in the hostess area, like raw meat or fish that was left out too long.  When I mentioned that to my husband later on in the evening, he agreed he had smelled it as  well!!!!!!  Suffice it to say we will not be giving anyone we talk to a good review and will not be returning anytime soon!!!
Have only been to Dominicks for cocktails but I was impressed by the bar menu and atmosphere.  Great selection of single malts, including Mac18 for $18 (by far the lowest price in town).  Food smelled amazing so I will definitely be back to try it.

Only complaint - can't a restaurant that spent $7m+ on TI's spend $10k on a website?  The 'Coming Soon' sign doesn't really cut it anymore.
the Scottsdale food scene is full of the the newest trendy hot spots.  Razz's is a refreshing solid workhorse that will not disappoint.  Very professionally run establishment with top notch friendly efficient staff. Plus top notch menu prepared by the very warm and gregarious chef/owner.  His attitude is contagious and permeates with the staff.  Delicious different menu items make this an extremely solid venue for any major city.
I've been to Dominick's twice now.  As Charles Dickens wrote in "A Tale of Two Cities", "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."

My first visit I dined at a nice table upstairs by the pool.  That meal was fantastic and my experience was similar to Marsella M's epic review which will surely be a ROTD in the near future.

This recent visit was upsetting.  Dining alone at the bar I ordered a glass of wine, a filet mignon and a side of creamed spinach.  Before my food order was rung in the bartender asked for my credit card.  "Are you sure?" I asked.  Yes, he said, it's management's policy.  I challenged him and told him it's always at the server's discretion.  Grudgingly, I handed over my card.

The food itself was very good but I had a very bitter taste in my mouth from the credit card debacle.  Two prominent food writers I know were sitting at the corner of the bar.  I asked if they were asked for their credit card when they ordered their food and wine and they said no.  They were both aghast when I told them about my experience.

After paying my bill and leaving a 20% tip, despite my tremendous dissatisfaction, I asked to speak to the manager.  I was told that it was company policy to ask for a credit card.  When I informed him that my friends weren't asked for theirs he told me that when I come back they'll treat me like a regular and won't ask for my card.

Come back again?  Are you kidding me?  Next time I want a steak I'll go to Eddie V's where they know me by name.
With all the hype, I was so hesitant to even go within a mile of Dominick's until a girlfriend from the East Coast here on a two-day trip made it there before me! Glad that I had a real foodie give me her honest opinion before I ventured through the door on a Saturday evening. My hopes were high, my expectations realistic.

Random thoughts I jotted down in my notes section of my iPhone . . . the decor is dazzling with its crystal chandeliers which are much less pretentious than I had imagined. They need to fix the chandelier in the dining room adjacent to the bar, separated by the glass panel . . . it's crooked and with my OCD, it drove me crazy. Watch the floor and steps, the hallway leading to the bathroom downstairs slants, the steps leading up to the third floor pool bar and dining are a disaster waiting to happen with patrons going up and down at the same time servers are carrying large trays . . . seriously in need of some dumb waiters. The live music was a great accompaniment for the setting and not intrusive at all. In fact, the female vocalist had a lovely smoky, jazzy voice which was quite enjoyable. Mr. Piano Player . . . Please skip the Neil Diamond ballads. The bar was definitely the scene. I have never seen so many bleached blondes in platform heels all in one place. Gentleman wearing the baseball caps . . . not proper attire, even in the bar!

Getting down to the nitty gritty . . . our server J. Lee was fantastic! I have read some other Yelpers opinions of the service, including that of my foodie friend, and had some concerns, but J. Lee was totally on the ball. I wouldn't hesitate to ask to be seated in her section whenever she is working.

The food . . . 

Reminder to self . . . easy on the bread if you want to eat your entree and sides and maybe save room for a bit of dessert. The bread basket offers something for everyone, and then some. The stick-thin breadsticks, the fig bread, the onion focaccia . . . incredibly delicious. We had oysters on the half-shell, six Blue Points that finished beautifully, accompanied by cocktail sauce, a tartar like sauce and "atomic" horseradish. We also split a spinach salad with warm bacon dressing. (I had heard that they don't split salads, but this wasn't the case for us. In fact, they gave us two plates with dressing on the side.) Nice, nothing fancy.

My hubby ordered the chef's cut filet, his daughter the petit filet, and for myself, the Chilean Sea Bass Spiedini syle.  The filets were cooked rare per our request. Totally awesome . . . melted in our mouths. The Chilean Sea Bass was huge . . . it, too, cooked to perfection with a light coating of gently seasoned bread crumbs. All main entrees were seasoned well . . . Everything is a la carte, so we ordered two sides, the Signature Au Gratin potatoes and the Creamed Spinach Spiedini. The portions are colossal! The potatoes were so creamy. The spinach was divine. We ate maybe a third of both, brought the rest home and polished them off this morning for breakfast. They were just as delicious! As it was my husband's daughter's birthday, which we had mentioned when we made our reservation, they offered her a dessert on the house. They brought her the flourless chocolate cake with a candle, Happy Birthday drizzled on the plate. She ate two bites, said she was in chocolate nirvana and had the rest packed up to go. Hubby ordered the Bananas Foster cake . . . OMG! What a sensual experience . . . and way too many calories, but heavenly.  

Not big drinkers, we ordered a bottle of Duckhorn Migration Pinot Noir. Reasonably priced I'll admit for a swank restaurant. We also ordered coffee to accompany our dessert. It was the only negative . . . very bitter.

Our experience at Dominick's exceeded my realistic expectations, and then some. The service was attentive and spot on, the food was top-notch, and atmosphere purely Scottsdale. I was reminded of that as we walked across the street to our non-valet parked car . . . a gleaming white Rolls was pretentiously parked right in front . . .
Beautiful decor ... poor service. 

We made a reservation for which we were only 10 minutes late for due to traffic. We were told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait for a table. After waiting for 40 minutes (it is 730 pm now), a hostess told us it would be another 15-20 minute wait.  

They did offer a sit at the bar if we wanted to eat there, and that they were 'very sorry'. Did I mention that it was a Tuesday night? We drove all the way from Mesa, and it was my birthday! We got a babysitter for the night and they couldn't give us a table!!

I'm pregnant! No, I don't want to sit at the bar in a stool after watiing for 40 minutes!!!! So we left. After waiting all that time. And we still have to pay valet. 


Save your money. There are other fine steakhouses in Scottsdale.
HORRIBLE!   Pretentious, over-priced, poor quality food, terrible service.  Complete waste of money.  

When I went with three friends the other night - we were greeted by no fewer than six people at the front.  The "manager's" are walking around this Mastro's copy... with earpieces like they are at some fancy club in NYC or Vegas.  They are useless.  We waited almost an hour to place our order.  The food and service would have been better at ANY Chipotle Grill.  

Also... the music!!  Hello??  80's rock with lyrics in a fine dining room?  

Do NOT GO!!  Atrocious!!
Had a bday party there last night. Ordered the ribeye and shared sides- cream corn, broccoli and tater tots also some oysters. Steak an oysters were fantastic- sides were just ok and small portion. Cocktails were incredible. They also have live music 7 nights a week- could end up being one of my new favorite places to eat/drink and listen to music. Service was great- had the private room for our party, very attentive staff and then took the party upstairs and enjoyed the night while seated at the piano and great Arizona weather with open roof.
Can only comment on the bar area which was great! Chris was friendly and fun! We will go back to try out dinner....to be continued.
Had my birthday dinner last Thursday.  Food was only fair but the service was very disappointing.  Empty bottles were left on the table, had to ask for water refills, waiter did not know this was a special occasion in spite of the information given in the reservation.  The waiter was not knowledgeable about the menu items (other than the steak), forgot the side dishes.  We had oysters and they were sandy.  The main courses looked as if they were just tossed onto the plates.  The "Valli" cheescake was made with so much whipped cream it was just too rich.
When compared with the Capitol Grille, they are really a distant second.
If you have the money to eat here DO IT! The food amazing and the atmosphere makes you feel like a million bucks (or 6) hehe. 

We were seated by the pool for dinner and it was perfect. The service was great and our waiter explained items on the menu very well. Drinks were ordered to celebrate our anniversary. Chris(my bf) got a Coor's light and I got drink that tasted like a cucumber mojito and it was very strong. Our waiter dropped off a bread basket filled with sourdough rolls and onion focaccia. I promised myself I wouldn't fill up on bread but it was hard not to break that promise. For dinner we ordered a caesar salad, steak, and shared the lobster gnocchi. Best meal ever!

My only complaint is that they didn't do anything special even though I told the receptionist that we would be celebrating our anniversary. I loved every minute of my dinner here so it's really not a complaint I was just surprised they didn't at least offer dessert. It won't prevent me from coming back. I'm glad I chose Dominick's to celebrate our anniversary. I'll be back soon!
We went last night for my birthday and it was excellent! the hostess staff left a little to be desired, bunch of young girls at the front desk that don't impress, weak for a high end restaurant. Once inside the service was great and the food was outstanding. I had the bone in Fillet and it was AMAZING, my girlfriend had the Arctic Char and it was great, we split a side of sautéed mushrooms that were very good and huge quantity and the drinks and dessert were great.
Ambience= 9/10
Reaching the table=4. Had to wait to maneuver through a maze of tables at the bar
Waiter=5. Never smiled. Didn't seem interested. Thought he was in Paris or something
Appetizers=5. Stone crab was rotten. Salads Ocean Club wannabes. 
Entrees=6. Everything was dripping in butter and salt. Head chef definitely is simple minded, put more butter and salt when in doubt. Bone-in-filet was inedible. Lobster was not fresh, completely chewy. Veal was chewy.
Side dishes=2. Gnocchi was disgusting! Where was the lobster in it? Veggies could have been done better. 
Dessert=6 better than rest of meal but completely forgetful. 

Overall, for dropping about a thousand dollars I thought I could have had a better meal just about anywhere else. This place is hip, but won't last in that location unless they upgrade their food and service. Ocean club, City Hall, and Capital Grill are all better.
This place is super swank, great for people watching and the food/service are top notch.  

Here are the highlights:

* bone in ribeye = awesome but a bit fatty just the way I like it.  Perfectly cooked and great flavor.
* filet = melts in your mouth
* shrimp coctail with atomic horse radish = how can shrimp as big as your hand be bad?
* roast corn = sweet and crunchy
* potatoes au gratin = potatoey cheesy goodness

Here are the lowlights:

* the wedge salad is sub-par  and not steakhouse quality at all
* the bar area is too cramped and it was a mess for our waiters and servers to maneuver.  No way I'm sitting there for dinner next time.  I would however sit there and have some drinks while listening to the piano player/singer. 
* no pretzel bread
* yes everything is pretty pricey but its just about what other high-end steak joints are

Anyway, I can't wait to return and hope to do so ASAP!
The food is good, although very salty. One thing I can't stand is drinking water all night long due to salty food! The decor is beautiful. But there are other factors that go into a great dining experience. The wait staff is fair. But the service gets worse and worse each dining experience.

 Our first evening dining with them, we were told, "this room will be used for a party shortly, you need to eat quickly please" at least they said "please". 

The second time, the same scenario AGAIN. We were told, "We are sorry, but this room has a private party so we just need to let you know" The waiters and wait staff came by every few minutes "to check on us". Both times, we and our guests were rushed SO quickly through our meals, I lost my appetite halfway through the meal this last experience. Obviously, their private parties make more money than single table, but then DON'T BOOK THE RESERVATION. How about that instead????This is EXTREMELY DISAPOINTING especially when spending hundreds of dollars on wine and dinner and desert. So from now on, we will be taking our guests someplace else. Sorry Domincks. We and our guests are treated much better at other steak houses.
They have been open for many many months now, why the hell don't they have a website with pictures of thre place and menu with prices? You'd think this would be a priority to help future and potential clients? The local Outback has a website up....LOLOL
This review is for NEW YEARS EVE ONLY!!
!. My girlfriend and I had an 8:30 reservation and when we arrived there was a line out in front of the door. They were NOT ready for the 2nd seating and took almost 20 minutes to finally start getting everyone in and to their tables. 
2. I ordered a very EXPENSIVE bottle of champagne and you would have thought the waiter would have taken care of us, but he pretty much ignored us. After he poured our champagne, he placed the champagne on the piano where ANYONE could have just poured themselves champagne from OUR BOTTLE. I had to ask him to get an ice bucket and move it NEXT to our table!!
3. The waiter took our order for appetizers  which was about 6 different options and he would bring them to us with sauces. He brought back our "order" but had lobster claws and only a couple of stone crab claws. I asked for what we ordered and he went back to get more. He came back with only 4 and said this was ALL they had they were out. OUT after only 30 minutes into service!!??
4. We ordered a Caesar Salad for 2 and when they brought it we tried it and you could tell it was pre prepared as the lettuce was soggy and the salad was over dressed!
5 Dinner came and at least our steaks came out great.
6. The waiter brought us dessert (no choice on this huh?) and they were from a crappy pre prepared bakery complete with the paper on the bottom of both desserts. Both un edible. 
7. This was by reservation ONLY, so for you to be so totally UNPREPARED on service, food etc is inexcusable!! For the prices you charge, you should be ashamed!
8. I have traveled around the world to some of the finest restaurants in major European cities and they know how to take care of their customers where you want to come back. Dominick's is arrogant and thinks they are the be all, end all. Guess what, you're NOT all that!! Restaurants are driven by customers and how you treat your customers will determine how well you will do. Unless you FIX your problems, not only will you fail for next New Years, but I can't see you being in business for long. In this economy restaurants are NOT a necessity and people will go where they are taken care of, as well as for the food. You're NOT cutting it with your customer service and for your sake, you need to take a good long look at how you're mistreating customers and change it. If not, you'll be another asterisk of "and this was where Dominick's USED to be!!"
Went in on a Friday at about nine for a quick bite to eat. Far underdressed but I was welcomed warmly. Looked for a seat in the bar but it was jam packed, standing room only. Fortunately ran into some friends who let me sit at their table. Was greeted by a server after a few minutes and brought back drink and food menu. Ordered a la Paloma, NY strip medium and broccoli . I was promptly brought my drink, water and silverware. After just the right time my food was brought to me. I enjoyed my steak but my only negative was the plate it was brought on. The plate was so hot the moment it was set in front of me I could feel the heat radiating off of it. I did not enjoy eating my meal while sweating from the heat of the plate and being in fear of burning myself with any accidental touching of it. Not long after that some more friends showed up and we had a very nice 2005 Napa Cab. I didn't browse their wine list but if I do go back I am curious to what they have. Overall it was a nice experience, but I'm not sure I'll be going back anytime soon.
When my boyfriend and I approached the front desk we were never greeted. After standing without even receiving eye contact, we were shown to a table in the bar. I am not 21, therefore I have no interest to sit in the bar with my boyfriend for our anniversary. The hostess apologizes and states that "the dining room is full with reservations". I was confused due to the fact that we legitimately had a reservation. The hostesses got us a table in the dining room, but it was no better. It was tucked in the corner by a servers station right on top of the bar! I looked around and saw multiple tables available. Not only do we receive the worst seat in the place, the table wasn't even ready for us when we were sat. My first impression of the server was not very impressive. He brought us out water before asking our preference, I don't like tap water so I was irritated. He dropped off the menus and ran off. Next time I saw our server, he was taking our order. My boyfriend and I split a cesar salad, I order a steak which I ordered medium to well done, and then my boyfriend ordered the salmon. He was never asked how he would like his fish prepared. After our server took our order our bread basket finally came out. Two seconds later so did our salads. Our server failed to tell us that the salad portions were minuscule. The food runner was kind enough to run back and grab me another salad. When our food came out, I cut into my steak and it was dripping it was so bloody. I know the plates are over 400 degrees so I tried to be a trooper, but it was so repulsive I had to send it back. One of the sous chefs returned with my refired steak. He came out and hunched over are table and said "hey guys I'm sorry you didn't like the steal this should be better". First off, I am not a 'guy'. That was an insult to be referred to as a male. Second off, the steak was so thoroughly cooked that I could nearly chew it. I took 2 bites and set it to the side. My boyfriend did not like his salmon, but he was a trooper and ate the whole thing. Then our server brought out our dinner tab. Not only  were we not offered a dessert menu, but our anniversary was never acknowledged. My boyfriend asked for the dessert menu, but we soon realized there was nothing appealing on it. We paid our tab and drove across the street to Mastros Ocean Club to get a warm buttercake. Later that evening, I also realized they never packed my food to go. 

Long story short, this place is not what it's hyped up to be. My loyalty remains with Mastros. Where a smiling face greets me and the service is always top notch.
The hostess told us they were booked till 8:00 on a Thursday night.  She got on the phone and asked if there was anything pool side.  What?  I wanted to sit in the main dining room but oh well.  We were escorted to the second floor where there was a second host stand, a bar and tables and chairs.  In the middle of the room is a pool of water.  I thought it was cute but my date was reminded of his near drowning incident.  He was nervous next to the pool which is where we were seated.  Liz and Wendy were fun.  They took care of us.  They got our cocktails just right.

Here is why I gave Dominicks three stars.
Trout- Flavorless and a little burnt
Asparagus- The sauce was weird tangy hollandaise
Ceasar Salad- Nothing special, no anchovies
Bad music selection-  karaoke versions of pop songs

Every Item is a la carte so the bill adds up pretty fast.

I think I will stick to Durants.
If you've ever been to any of the Mastro's family of restaurants you know what I mean when I say Dominick's is like Ocean Club and City Hall had a baby. The original owners of Mastro's took the best of the local dining legacies, added some Italian dishes to the menu (yay!) and opened Dominicks. 

Simply pulling up to valet and walking the red carpet leading into the restaurant is like food foreplay! It's all good lovin' from there!! It's all-star dining with 5 star prices but worth every dime. 

Enjoy!
I arrived 25 mins early for my reservation to enjoy a pre-dinner cocktail as I usually like to scope out the place before enjoying dinner.  My Manhattan was made quickly, precisely to my request, with the utmost attention to detail.  I pay attention to the small things; even the weight of the glass felt good in my hand.

I didn't mind my party was 20 minutes late, the live music was pleasant and the Scottsdale scenery was better than it normally is - after all, proper attire is required per the sign posted out front.

Once seated and our cocktail order put in, or waiter explained the menu to us - at length.  Agreed we had not been there before, but do I need every item explained to me?  That aside, my mouth was watering from all the delicious choices!  Our table ordered the salmon both ways (comes either breaded and fried, or butter/oil braised0, the filet, and Idaho Trout.  Sides included asparagus and scalloped potatoes. 

The trout came only one way, breaded, and was delicious.  I can't say I was a fan of the sauce, a ranch/mayo like dressing that was too tangy and heavy for the mild and succulent 12oz trout.

The filet was everything one envisions a steak to be - sizzling, dripping with goodness.  Ordered medium, of course, the filet was the perfect amount of red in the middle.  I preferred the breaded salmon over the braised.  Slimy may not be an appropriate word, but the braised salmon was too oily which affected the texture.  Breaded is definitely the way to go.

Oh, and the dessert.  We had both the chocolate and banana fosters cakes, which were divine.  It was a dark chocolate lava cake with the best of liquid chocolate in the middle; while the banana fosters cake had a brown sugar, creme, sliced banana filling that was completely unreal.  So good there was nothing left.
AMAZING! 
The steak is unreal. It comes out sizzling and melts in your mouth. I have dreams about this steak almost every night--cant wait to go there again! We also ordered the truffle fries--SO GREAT! The side dishes are huge!

The place itself is VERY dim lighting and very proper. The waiter we had wasn't very personable but the bus boy was AWESOME! In the end the food made up for any negative aspects I had! 

Prices are high--BUT SOOOOOOOOOO worth it!

RECOMMENDED
Steaks are perfect! They are a little pricey but worth every penny. 

We also had a large group of 35 people-poolside. Everyone raved about how beautiful the place was. The jumbo cocktail shrimp were as big as small lobsters!

The bar is really big, & plays piano music which is cool.
Dominicks is a Vegas style restaurant that has taken over the likes of the Scottsdale Quarter.  Although they have the glitz and glamour I didn't feel their food held up to the price or glitz.

They use a spice rub on their steaks that most of the guests didn't enjoy and the fish I ordered was quite bland except for the excessive amount of salt they used on it.  I would have to say that the side dishes were a disappointment as well.  The tater-tots, although they sound fun, weren't edible due to the amount of grease they had in them and the mac & cheese wasn't very good either.  Again, everything was seasoned with excessive amounts of salt.

Overall the party of 8 I was with didn't enjoy this overpriced meal.
As a frequent traveler into Scottsdale, I was looking for something new and different to celebrate with a young up and coming professional baseball player---who happens to be my nephew. We were forewarned this place had no prices on their online menu and appeared to be owned by Mastro's which consistently has excellent food. 

Michael Dominick opened Dominick's Lincoln Avenue Prime Steakhouse last fall after baseball season in the small, but excellent Scottsdale Quarter. (I'll admit to frequenting this Nike store in travels to Phoenix.) The ambiance is that of an elegant steakhouse. The rooms are dark with huge crystal chandeliers. Very opulent without being ostentatious!. 

We both ordered the bone-in filet which is an excellent aged prime cut. Supposedly, according to our very professional server, this cut is about 16 oz with a bone yielding about a 14 oz serving. My limit on steak is typical 6-8 ounces and I ate my entire meal, making me think (1) This place really is THAT GOOD, and (2) I doubt this is more than a 10 oz serving. 

We started with a warm assortment of breads and in deference to my guest, we minimized the veggie's ordered. (I'll go back during baseball season :-) ) 

After ordering a glass of of the extensive, but reasonably priced wine list, we looked at dinner entree. The steaks come with a choice of rubs and sauces. The house rub was described as "cajun-style, but not overwhelming". My theory is sauces on steaks are useful for poor cuts of meat, but take away from great cuts; hence, I went no sauce. 

The result was an incredibly great dinner of Bone-in filets ordered medium rare, no sauce and a loaded mashed potato side. (This side comes pre-prepared or you can ask for ramikans of cheese, chives, bacon and sour cream and build as you like at the table. We finished with a scoop of ice cream and a cappuccino for desert. 

Excellent steak spot and a welcome high-end addition to the Scottsdale food scene.

One comment: The "Branding" of the restaurant is confusing. Either call it "Dominick's" or "Lincoln Avenue", but not both. This actually caused confusion in trying to locate this spot and diminishes the feng shui and brand loyalty you'd want to keep and associate. (Qualifier: I'm not a branding expert and this is strictly my opinion.)

 I would love to see Mastro's try a southwest cuisine spot!
After hearing reviews about Dominicks from several people, I finally had the chance to go. Many of what I have heard was hit or miss, with many people saying the food was extremely salty. That being said, walking in and being greeted by the 4 girls wasn't the best. The girls almost seemed to be bothered I was approaching them and asking a question...they barely looked up from the desk. The interior is very dark, kind of like City Hall. 
As for the food, the bread basket was very good. Next, the appetizers we had were the meatballs and calamari. The meatballs were average at best, however the calamari was very, very good. Light, crispy, and cooked very well. This is where things started to go downhill fast. The servers were not friendly at all and not attentive at all. I normally drink only water with dinner, however, through the night, I had two glasses of water total. One that was sitting on the table when I arrived and one refill. I hardly think it's much to ask to refill water. Upon taking orders, the waitress seem to want to get through it as quickly as possibly. As for the main course, there were six of us at the table. In total, we ordered 3 filets, 1 salmon, 1 pork chop, and 1 whole chicken. The people who got the salmon and the chicken both said they were lacking flavor and didn't taste like much. The three filets looked completely different in size and shape (they were all 8oz). I ordered mine medium and it came out medium rare, another filet was ordered as medium and came out rare, and the last filet was ordered medium rare and came out rare. As for the taste of steak, the rub was decent, but overall, it was extremely salty. The broccoli was as good as I could make in my microwave, but the mashed potatos were very good. 
Overall, the experience was lackluster at best. Comparing Dominick's to City Hall, Mastro's, Ocean Club, etc, Dominick's does not compare. Each time I've been to these other three, you can expect a good meal that is consistent. I would be hard pressed to go to Dominick's again. With the prices being relatively equal, I want to know I'm in for a good meal. It seems to me the owner's (apparently the old owners of Mastro's, Ocean Club, City Hall) are more concerned with glamour and glitz. If your food isn't good, I don't care what cars you have parked out your front door. If you want a good meal, skip this place and go to one of the other places mentioned, you won't go wrong!
So the feedback on this joint is that it is owned by the guys that founded Mastros.  Looks like it.  From the live music to dark wood interiors the restaurant could double for the old location up at Pinnacle Peak and Pima.  The food is good, but inordinately expensive.  Overall, the heavy buttered steaks and 1000 degree plates are really not my thing so I came away unimpressed but in fairness I'm splitting the difference with a 3 star review.  

One thing to note is that this place is NOT KID FRIENDLY.  Not even a little bit so even if you get there early and hope you might be able to slide one by your kids, I'd encourage you to reconsider.  No one wants to dine next to a family of screaming children when their average ticket is $150/plate.  Trust me cause I'm the one with the kids.
Steak good, not great. Place is crammed. Atmosphere good. More of a palce to be seen.  City Hall is better I think for steaks. 

 And yes they do have a website. Thing is when they opend, I googled them "Dominick's steakhouse Scottsdale" after getting to the 4th page and didn;t see them, I figured no website. It would have helped if there was a link to their website on the YELP's review page. There still isn't a link to their website on this page. Strange.
Mediocre. And I'm being nice. Overpriced for steaks that you can get elsewhere. Meat was grizzly. Their 'special' Veal Parm was disgraceful.
Save some money. Go elsewhere.
FIVE STARS FOR FAKERS. Red carpet entrance and horribly silly and stupid revolving door set the tone for this ridiculous adventure.

#layout just makes no sense. it's like someone had a vision for a bar and then squished in all this other stuff wherever it could fit, including the tables.
#the singer is real, but his music accompaniments are all cheap karakoke tracks, akin to their casio bossanova-button-rythm and one-finger-bass section ancestors. think price-is-right canned tracks but where are the beauties?
#come on, they've got a baby grand up there. where's the live music like they have at EDDIE V'S across the way?
#shuffled up to the rooftop pool patio (enclosed) for table at pool's edge.
#ordering computer/POS/credit card terminal is on low shelf behind us. great spot to learn your servers' underwear brand preferences!
#check out the pics. steak served alone, plopped on a searing hot plate. except there's nothing to sear. i try to explain that the steak is still cooking on that hot plate, but server just ignores.

HEAD TO EDDIE V'S FOR THE BEST STEAKHOUSE EXPERIENCE IN THE AREA.
11 Stars out of 10

Great Food, Knowledgeable waiters, unbelievably helpful staff. 

A great place for special occasions. The bill will run you at least $40 a head, more around $60/head with alcohol but is absolutely worth it. The steaks are fantastic, the sides delicious, and the whole experience incredible.

The top floor has a retractable roof and a little pool which makes for a fun environment. 

You will have no regrets here as long as you are aware it is a pricy steakhouse. But well worth it.
I had never been to Dominick's and I like trying new restaurants so I was excited to check it out.  We had a reservation for 8 pm on Saturday night and when we showed up the restaurant was busy.  It definitely is catering to those that want to be seen and show off what they have.  As we were walking up they had 6-7 of your finest vehicles backed in right next to the front door.

Calling it a front door is a little misleading however.  I found it interesting for such a nice restaurant to have a revolving door as there entrance.  Once inside the door you are greeted by what is a darkened "Liberace" type decor.  Think big chandeliers and crushed velvet.  We were seated promptly for our 8 pm reservation.

Top line the food was mediocre.  We between the 4 of us we ordered the  Scallops, Halibut, and the Ribeye as our entrees.  For our sides we ordered the potatoes, gnocchi, and creamed corn as our sides.  The main issue that we all had with the food was that it was very salty.  At one point my buddy across the table asked me " does yours taste really salty?". I answered yes and everybody else chimed in that theirs was quite salty as well.  I don't know if the chef was having a bad night but if not he needs to pump the brakes on his salt usage!

Finally this place isn't the cheapest place.  I am not one to complain about prices and I eat at fine dining restaurants on a weekly basis as part of my job.  Our bill for the 4 of us was $500.  We did have a couple drinks a piece but the price we paid did not match the quality of food we received.

My advice is to check out the bar for a few drinks and enjoy the people watching.  Think Phoenix Open.  Otherwise if you are looking for a good steakhouse head across the street to Ocean Club.
Ruth Chris, you have nothing to worry about when it comes to steaks. Good sides, great cocktails, unbelievable service at Dominic's.
Beautiful new steakhouse in Scottsdale!  The decor was really well done and it was interesting that they had a pool area upstairs...I am imagining that could be quite a scene on the weekends.  The service was helpful and attentive.  The food was quite good, but pricey and very large portions.  A friend and I shared a salad, the halibut and two sides (asparagus & corn).  Everything was delicious though!
First, the not so good. We went to Dominicks to celebrate Father's Day. I called the night before for a reservation and was told that they only had 6:30 or 8:30 available, no problem we'll take 6:30. We arrive and are seated next to the kitchen and busing station. The entire time we were there the restaurant remained half empty. Why force us into an early dinner at a bad table when there are plenty of better options?
I thought the place was supposed to be fairly fancy, and they even have a "proper attire required" sign at the hostess desk. Unfortunately they don't enforce it at all. The "gentlemen" at the table next to us were wearing cargo shorts, flip flops, t-shirts and ball caps. Sorry if it makes me a snob, but it kind of annoyed me.
Now on to the good. The steaks are great, though I agree with what others have said about them being too salty. The bread basket is amazing! The creme brulee was the best I've ever had. The service is excellent with plenty of help around to make sure your glass is refilled and you have everything you need. The decor is fabulous, in my opinion. Over the top, but in a good way.
Overall though I don't think its worth the price. You're looking at $100 per person unless you drink water, skip a first course and desert. There are so many good steaks in town these just don't stand out as being all that special.
I decided to take my Husband to Dominicks this past week for his Birthday dinner.  My Boss has been raving about this restaurant for awhile and since my Husband is a steak lover, I thought this would be the perfect option.  I made the reservation a few weeks in advance and called the week of to request a table poolside (per my Boss's recommendation).  I found it somewhat annoying that every time I called the restaurant I was put on hold for several minutes... this was mostly annoying because I called around noon each day; they certainly weren't busy then.  Anywho... upon our arrival I was happy to see my table request was accommodated, since they said that they couldn't guarantee it (not sure why since we were only 1 of 2 tables seated upstairs at 6:30 on a Thursday).

The decor upstairs is very nice.  It's kind of odd to see a small pool in the middle of the restaurant, but I thought it made for a nice ambiance.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and was very nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  All the the staff that helped him were also awesome.  We ordered some drinks and enjoyed the bread, which was served before the meal. My oh my was it good!  There was some onion bread, which was warm and cheese bread, which was also warm and quite good.  We shared the shrimp dominick for appetizer.  The sauce was garlicy-good!  This was the perfect start to our meal.  Each of us ordered steaks... I had the fillet and the Hubs (aka Birthday Boy) had the rib eye.  I really liked mine and thought it was cooked perfectly.  We both loved the sizzling plates they were served on.  The Hubs liked his steak, but would have preferred the fillet I got, since that is what he usually gets - liked the leaner meat.  We shared the dominick potatoes... talk about cheesy goodness.  We both could only have once serving, but it was like potato lasagna.  It was unbelievable!  

The restaurant gave a very nice slice of chocolate cake to the Hubs for his birthday, which was also very good.  He loved the whipped cream, which was served on the side.  Ultimately, we both had a great time at this restaurant.  The serve was quite good (other than a long wait for the check).  It was SUPER expensive, however, so for us this was only a special occasion place.
We enjoyed Dominicks again last night.

Walked in around 7pm and got a table at the bar.

Very much enjoyed our dinner and the service was great. Fun place to people watch. A real good wine selection.

Ony issue is thier valet. Great attendants, but creates traffic jambs and is a zoo.
EXCELLENT service (A+). Very good food (A). Expensive
This restaurant screams expensive with decked out lighted floors, gorgeous lighting and a lovely dinning room. However it is not as great as the ambience it tries to provide. I ordered a filet mignon and I think it was good but not amazing. The salad I had with Artichoke to start was good. The mixed drink I ordered was so so. I had to add honey since I didn't think it was sweet enough. The staff is very attentive and the portions are huge. Expect to pay $100 a person if you all get a starter, entree, drink, and share a dessert. I found the potatoes au gratin to be terrible. Way too cheezy I almost died. The spinach side was okay but sour. I would come back but skip the butter cafe, the mixed drink, and coffee. Also it is $6 to valet which I find to be not horrible since parking at Scottsdale Quarter is hard to find.
The folks who own this restaurant used to own Mastros, so they know a thing or two abut steaks.  I had the filet and it was wonderful.  Make sure to get the warm butter cake.  But save room, it's a small meal itself and you can't leave any on your plate.

We had great service and a wonderful experience.  Go.
We have not had the best experiences at Dominicks this is for sure. In fact, our 2 previous times were a complete disaster. The first time, being told we had to "hurry up because the room was scheduled for a meeting and the 2nd time on New Years eve being told that our table needed to be cleared by pm for a private party. We said that we would never go back, but this was a friends birthday. Our friends both cardiologists met us at Dominick's for his birthday. The food is mediocre, lobster over cooked and way too much  salty seasoning!  However the ambiance is pretty, sitting by the "pool" upstairs. We ate and left our table, the wait staff standing by, immediately began to clear dishes. As we walked outside, one of the doctor's recalled a cell phone was left on the table and we went back upstairs to get it, literally 5 minutes later!!!! And it was gone!. The only people standing and clearing the table were employees. And they said they had not seen it. Yeh right!!! We used the iPhone tracker on the iPad and saw that it was STILL inside the restaurant!!!!! Liars, thieves and sub-par expensive food to have a new iphone stolen? What happened to a courteous wait staff and manager (who blamed us for leaving our phone) to have repeat customers????

Don't go here, go to Eddie V's (Awesome wait staff, great food), Go to Flemmings (Steaks are so much better) or go to Ruth's Chris (delicious!), is all we can say. 

We will be notifying drug representatives that this establishment is NOT where they want to host their events. Never again will we go there!
So over priced, and this was the worst steak i have ever had in my life. I would have been happier at Outback. Service was good but the food was a huge letdown. I just moved here and i have had steaks from Ruth Criss, Hyde Park, Gibsons (the best I have ever had) and Mortons. When i told the waiter about the steak nothing was done..Will never go tothis place again..Horrible, Horrible, Horrible
I got a rib eye it was ok. The potatoes augratin was gross way too much onion. Service was friendly. The fries were horrible and the crab cakes seasoning wasn't good. The only thing I enjoyed was the bread basket. Way too pricey for the food being so bad. They really like to season there meat so if you don't like salty ask for none
Fell in love with this place the instant I walked in. We sat at the gorgeous bar and enjoyed the view of the chandelier-like towers of every single bottle imaginable. We ordered the mac&cheese which is to this day one of thee most outstanding mac&cheeses I'll ever consume! The bread selection that came with and the martinis we ordered were also incredible. I was in awe of the gorgeous upstairs that had tables surrounding a shallow pool,  dining poolside at a steak house?

 Coolest idea, this place is all around awesome!
Met some new friends for dinner (their suggestion) with reservations at 5pm on a Sunday evening.  Upon entering through the awkward revolving door, the two hostess were friendly enough but said the party we were meeting was not there and would we like to be seated.  We agreed to be seated at our table but I stopped to admire the pretty bar on the way and there were our friends, having a drink at the bar!!  They said they had checked in but apparently the hostess had forgotten!

The place was empty (one other table seated) and we were seated in a dull area, on the edge of the dining room.  We asked for another table and they said they had to check which tables were available!  We were then seated under the stairwell, which was weird and uncomfortable.  We asked to be moved again and they again said they had to check availability!  Mind you there was only one other table in the whole place occupied.  We finally found a good table and moved again.  After asking for the loud music to be turned down we could finally settle in and get to know our new friends! (btw, the place never did get very crowded).

So, wanting to make a long story short.....

This place is soooo overpriced it isn't even funny.  And the service does not even come close to the high prices!  Very mediocre service.  We had to ask our server for more bread, more butter, more drinks and just about anything else that a waitress should have been aware of us needing!!  Really??

We will not be going back!  The steaks were so small they looked microscopic on the huge plates they were served on. Plus the super hot plates, continued to cook them until they were overdone for what I ordered!!  And the cost was absurd.

If you want a much better steak and dining experience, go to Roaring Forks and give them a try.  Way better quality and service!!

Not at all impressed and number one on my do not go back list!!
Been there several times since they opened, inconsistent, service poor, steaks good, sides mediocre. Too many high-end steak houses in town to put up with the inconsistency and at times very aloof service from the wait staff.
Again we found ourselves walking in without reservations to see if they had a table.

Lucked out and got a hightop table in the bar. 

We enjoyed the great service and vibe, had a great meal. The wine list looks updated and a better selection, salads were great, Steaks are cooked perfect, and the desserts are huge.

Always fun people watcing here also, made for a great fun night.
The boyfriend took me to Dominick's for my birthday and I couldn't have asked for a better place to celebrate.

We went on a weekday and were seated downstairs overlooking the bar area. Upstairs there is a pool (weird but awesome!) and if we ever go back on a weekend I definitely want to sit poolside - ha! Anyway, our table was very nice and our waiter was attentive without being overbearing.

To start we ordered the wedge salad. This may be a salad but there is nothing healthy about it. Very traditional in its preparation - iceberg lettuce, bleu cheese dressing, bacon and onion. It was a little heavy on the dressing but it had a nice flavor. We split one salad and it was plenty.

For our entrees we both ordered filets. For our sides we got mushrooms and the steakhouse tater tots. More on the tots in a sec. The steaks come out on a sizzling hot plate, so no worries of your food getting cold. Both of our steaks were done just the way we ordered. The mushrooms were a great complement to the steak. A little salty, but I kind a like salty so it was okay. Okay, now the tots. These re NOT your typical frozen tater tots. These things were fantastic. They are made by hand and it's basically like they take hashbrowns, form them into oversized tots and deep fry them. Oh my tot, are these things good. A highlight of the meal for sure!

As if we weren't stuffed enough after all the tots and meat, because it was my birthday they brought me a slice of chocolate creme pie. Sounds like a weird thing to get at a steakhouse but it actually went with the meal quite nicely. My favorite part was that they brought an extra bowl of whipped cream out with the pie. No skimping on the whipped cream at this place.

After all that we left with full bellies, smiling faces and a bag of leftovers. (yay!) I would highly recommend Dominick's for a special occasion or when you just feel like blowing a lot of money on a really good meal.
If you accept the fact that this restaurant is extremely high end for steak houses (price-wise) then you can just sit back and enjoy the experience because the food here is fantastic.

Service is also wonderful but the food here is simply awesome. I had the 12oz filet mignon and asked for medium rare to rare (to which the waitress advised me they have a medium rare plus or something like that which is what I want) and it was beautiful how perfectly this was cooked. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!!!!!!

For sides we had several including the potatoes au gratin and cauliflower au gratin (I actually preferred the cauliflower) but both were fantastic.
I was here at the pre-grand opening and had the opportunity to experience many of the menu items and have since been back a few times as well as organized my company holiday dinner here.  It is obviously a high end, Mastro creation and the prices, food, decor, and service all reflect that.  The steaks are incredible, portions more then are necessary and service incredible.  They even call you a few days after to ensure you had a good experience.   It probably falls into the 'special occasion' category for most, but a great place anytime.
After being seated at Dominick's I mentioned to the others at my table that today most steakhouses seem the same and expected a good meal and service, but nothing surprising from Dominick's.

I have read some of the other reviews about service, butter cake, and other items just seemed fair.  I disagree, but does all that really matter.  I came to a steakhouse for a steak and Dominick's knocked it out of the park.  

I had an 8 oz. medium rare filet mignon and it was flavorful and tender.  Actually I would say it is the best filet I have ever had.

I really wanted to try the 18 oz. bone-in filet, but that is too much steak for me in one sitting.

The only reason I rated Dominick's a 4 compared to a 5 was that personally I dig the old style feel and decor of the older steakhouses.

Enjoy.
This restaurant actually delivers food and service quality equal to its prices. We went with another couple and all four of us were very satisfied. The crab bisque was a home run. It's the best bisque I have ever tasted. My fillet Mignon was perfectly cooked,   a large cut, and well seasoned. Service was excellent. The manager even gave me a small tour of the very busy kitchen. I am sure he had better things to do, than stroke my ego. I put this restaurant with the best of Phoenix. Have you ever noticed that the best restaurant's start with a "D"?


Durant's
Drinkwater
Donovan's
Dominick's
My friend and I took a drive up to North Scottsdale to check out the new Restoration Hardware and FLOR store at Scottsdale Quarter. I happened to valet outside of Dominick's so when it was almost dinner time, it's where we ended up!

Lovely interior. It has a rich charm and is complete with a guy playing the piano. If I were mob, I surely would be having major deals go down or bring my goo-ma here. I love that there are hard-boiled eggs on the bar for "snacks" - forget that disgusting party mix or popcorn.

Shrimp cocktail to start (comes with 3...ordered 1 extra), bone-in New York (asked for it sliced so it was easy to share) and then creamed spinach. Of course, the bread basket comes out first - there was a delicious onion bread that was incredible.

The shrimp came out large and in charge. They have a seriously hot horseradish - love this (although wasn't as amazing as my all-time favorite... City Hall's crack-laced horseradish that I want to marry.) Bummer... there was no spoon for the ketchup/horseradish - probably just got overlooked in the kitchen. Steak came out perfectly, even though they forgot to slice it. DARN! But we managed to saw away at the hunk of meat anyways. It's the best to order it rare or medium rare and then you can sear the slices on the butter-laden smokin' hot plates! Learned that trick from a friend, try it next time.

The creamed spinach was INCREDIBLE!! It was less "creamed" then you'd usually expect but the texture and flavor was perfect. It had a Parmesan crusted top or something that was magic and just added the perfect touch. Hands down a winner.

Overall great service, great food and if I find myself in the area, I'd definitely be back.
This is a great place!  My first time in a couple weeks and loved it!  Reminds me of Matro's Steak House.  I think these guy were some of  the prior owners of Mastro's.  

We had a table of four.  Crab bisque for the starter. The steaks were perfect. Crab cakes were great!  The Lobster Mac n cheese was good. The cream corn was great!

Service was very good!  He was attentive but not too much. Not aggressive, humble and friendly service.  Just how I like it!

The bar looked like a good place to hang out.

Highly recommend this place.
I'm on a roll! This is my second time here this week.  This 8 oz. medium rare filet mignon has got to be the best steak EVER. The cream spinach equally matches it. Oysters were Fabulous with very fresh "atomic" horseradish. Side dishes are very large.  Added to the ambiance a very rich feel, blue pool upstairs, open roof to let a light breeze in and a very good piano/singing talent. This is by far my favorite place to dine. If you want to impress someone, bring them here.
This is easily one of my favorite Steakhouses in Arizona.  It reminds me of Vegas when I'm here.  Why?  Because it's always full of life & energy...at least before 9 pm....and the food & service is outstanding.  I've dined here several times for personal & business reasons.  Each time, Dominick's delivers in the clutch.

When I'm entertaining clients, I enjoy dining in the back room on the 3rd level.  It's best suited for that scenario.  When I'm here with The Better Half and we want some privacy, then we ask to be seated anywhere but the bar area.  When TBH and I just want some appetizers and a glass of Wine or a late night drink, we sit at the bar.

Some menu items I've had here:

Iceberg Wedge Salad, $10.95
Tomato & Mozzarella, $12.95
Fried Meatballs Appetizer, $14.95

Petite Filet Mignon (8oz), $41.95
Filet Mignon (12oz), $47.95
Mashed Potatoes, $9.95
Au Gratin Potatoes, $13.95
Creamed Sweet Corn, $9.95

The Salads are pretty hearty portions, so be prepared.  The Bleu Cheese Dressing on the Wedge Salad is very good and rich.  If you're hungry, split the Meatballs Appetizer....it's very good, but I don't recommend having it by yourself.

Simply put, the Filet is awesome.  Depending on my hunger level, I will either get the petite or the regular size.  They cook it to your preference.  I like it Medium-Well.

Their sides are enough to easily feed 2 or 3 people.  TBH and I usually share an order of Mashed Potatoes or Au Gratin.  When I'm dining with clients, I usually get 2 or 3 for the table so they can sample them....the Sweet Corn is amazing.

Their Wine selection is excellent....we've had so many good ones here.

The service is outstanding.  In 10+ visits here, I've never had bad service.

Some notes:
Although there's not really a "dress code", I've heard that they won't seat people who are not dressed appropriately.  Shorts & flip-flops, t-shirts, jeans, etc....they'll probably tell you that there aren't any available tables....that's hearsay, but I'm passing it along so there are no surprises.  I've never showed up here dressed casual, so I don't have personal experience with it.

Return Factor - 100%
Good atmosphere but steak was mediocre at best. Everyone's steak were done incorrectly. People that ordered medium, the steak was barely pink and others that ordered medium plus, the steak was bloody rare. Besides it not being cooked well the cut of steak did not compare to other steak houses in the phx area.
the manger joy is very rude. will not come back here
Last night we went to Dominick's for the first time.  It was for our 25th Anniversary.  It was a great experience.  The atmosphere was great.  The food was the best.  I had the 16 oz NY Strip and it was cooked to perfection.   I also had the fried meatballs.  They were better then I could have imagined.  My wife had the Maryland Cab Cakes. She grew up in Baltimore and she said they were very very good.   The coffee was excellent.  They surprised us with a desert for our anniversary.  It was great.  Overall we had one of the best nights out in a while.  And we go out two nights a week for dinner.  We have found our new favorite steakhouse.     

PS:  The live music was great.
Been a while since we have dined at Dominick's, so we hit it up Sat. night.

We have found that dining in the bar high top tables is the way to go, more living an better people watching. Walked in and got a nice table, more empty that we thought it would be and even at leaving at 8pm still wasn't fully crowded. Dining in the rooms is nice, but not really where the action is. 

We were greeted pleasantly and as always the service from the hostess to the bus boy is always top notch. Very accommodating. The were out of the wine I choose from the reserve list, but we found another great bottle. No biggie.

Had the steak as always and the bride had the Halibut special, both were great and seasoned perfectly. The mac & cheese is really good. Deserts were tasty, and they accommodated some changes we asked for. The coffee which is great, was only warm and not hot, again no biggie.

Its a great place to enjoy a night out, and a nice crowd with no riff raff.

Valet is the only way to go here, it's that or fight for parking around the place. Then have to fight the army of strollers and kids running around screaming. Not Dominick's fault though.

Again, glad we dined with them and will come back again.
Place is just beautiful inside, I've been twice now.  First time on a date with the wife for dinner and the steak was great and the sides were fantastic, service is just ridiculous.  Second time we were on a double date to iPic theater and we stopped at the bar and ordered a ton of their appetizers and had several of their specialty drinks.  I wish I could remember my favorite but I was pretty lit.  Its not cheap so dont come here expecting any deals but you will impress the woman in your life for sure.
Stopped by on a Sat night for a glass of wine.  Cool place. It has an old NY steakhouse feel to it.  Wife and I had a couple great glasses of wine and the entertainment was awesome. 
Wine - seemed expensive for a glass but we liked the vibe so decided to have a glass anyway. The pour is about a glass and a half so any thoughts I had about price quickly went away. And, the service was really good in the bar area. 
Entertainment - there was a lady singing that was incredible. She was just chillin in a booth singing Adele, Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, you name it. Awesome!
Lastly, the people watching was great. Lots of sugar daddy's with their lady friends.  Cool place!
I have no other way of saying the food is not worth the cost, they never get the steak right.  Its either undercooked or overcooked!  The service is fine but the food is blah.
We went for a happy hour after work on a Friday.  We had the filet and scallops app...sooooo good.  Both were perfectly prepared, but the filet was the favorite for both of us.  We also had the calamari.  Also, very fresh and tasty.  We'll be back for another happy hour or dinner soon.
Nothing short of fabulous!!! This was our first time dining at Dominick's and we went for my birthday.  The restaurant is elegant and comfortable at the same time.  Our food was delicious.  The Dungeoness Crab Cocktail was wonderful, and we also enjoyed the tomato/cucumber salad with bleu cheese.  Our entrees were prepared to perfection--the Seared Ahi Tuna and my bone-in filet (which I had never heard of) and both were so flavorful.  We also shared the asparagus which was served with a wonderful Hollandaise and the mashed potatoes with bacon, cheese and sour cream was great.  We shared the warm butter cake with caramel sauce which was so yummy, I could have licked the plate!  The service was outstanding and we will definitely look forward to going back!
Went here last night and the atmosphere is wonderful.  The food is not so wonderful.  I got the New York strip and they copy city by the plate coming out sizzling and hot.   Steak was good but not near as good as city hall or capital grille.
Just came from Dominick's steakhouse. Food excellent. Service okay. We were celebrating our anniversary   When we arrived they could not find our reservation. Sign #1. Okay seated poolside as requested   Food great service ok. Music so loud even wAiter said they asked for it to be turned down.   Now we went from the chest stomping bass to someone screaming so loud i thought my hears were going to bleed even the young people at the table next to us complained. We were celebrating our anniversary and could not hear each other. SAve the $$$$$$ dont go complained to the manager and she really didnt seem to care
Well... What can I say. I gave them 3 stars only because the Scallops and Lobster appetizer was very good.

This is a steak house! And for $40-$50 just for the steak it should come out perfectly cooked and tasty.  I don't recommend the surf and turf combinations.

1) My first Filet Mignon came out over cooked. And on top of it the crab I ordered with the surf and turf came slopped on top of my steak. 

2) the Crab was very salty and over seasoned

3) The second Filet came... Cooked better but more rare than medium. 

4) I tried to cut it ... But it was a bit tough and gritty. Filet was not perfectly cut and was separated on one end. I had them being me a second steak knife because I thought the first was dull... But steak was hard to cut for what was supposed to be "PRIME" beef.

5) The taste of the meet was very strong.. It was not well rubbed or seasoned. It tasted like I just cut a slab of meet off the cow and ate it.

6) I sent the 2nd steak back and changed my order to a cold lobster appetizer. 

7) Manager came after the first steak was poorly cooked and apologized... But never came again after the 2nd was under cooked and tasted bad.

8) The restaurant .. After 2 mistakes .. Never offered to comp my meal. I expected more from an upscale steakhouse charging $50 a steak!  

9) We even left a $20 tip .... Probably should not have in hindsight.

The atmosphere is great... Elegant .. Especially the second floor with the affinity pool inside. 

The side dishes are family style and good. Sauces and other items like serf and turf are extremely salty and over seasoned.

Overall was a disappointment ... I went there to enjoy an awesome steak and celebrate my promotion..., and was let down!

Very unhappy with how management handle the issues with my steak... They just ignored it. Maybe they thought I was a tourist... But I live in Scottsdale.
This is my anniversary spot.

Amazing atmosphere with the finest foods and beverage!

I recommend grabbing a rooftop table on a beautiful night. 

This is a high roller type of place with class and will not disappoint.

Shine your shoes and give it a shot!
Planned a night out with girlfriends. We called for reservation for Tuesday night. They said, No need to, not a busy night. We sat at the bar. The bar tender was great help with picking  out wine for the meal we ordered. Service was outstanding food was great. Would recommend trying it out. Although we did miss out on music since they play Wed- Sat.
It's certainly a beautiful steakhouse located in the desirable Scottsdale Quarters. And you'll find Aston Martins, Maserati, Porsche & etc valet at the entrance of this establishment. I enjoyed the live entertainment, a band singing oldies and R&B. It's low lighting stages a romantic feel. Service is as expected. Portion sizes are large enough to share. But I've had equally better and worst steaks. The food is simply average. It's honestly a ordinary steakhouse that charges extraordinary prices.
It's really hard for me to review Dominick's. I expected so much more but was disappointed with the atmosphere and the food, however, the service was excellent-- attentive but not intrusive. Concerned with my satisfaction.


I've had steaks just as good at Mastro's, City Hall, and Donovan's. Steaks are just under $50 so my expectations were high. I had rack of lamb, ordered medium but came very nearly well done. DH ordered bone in filet, medium, which came med-well. To his credit, our waiter, Brad, noticed without my saying anything and offered to take it back. I declined, as I didn't want to ruin my husbands birthday dinner. He took it off the bill. A very classy move.

Caution -- the plates come out VERY hot. We had to wait several minutes to eat because the food was molten hot. I'm sure that's what caused it to be overdone. Seems to be over-pretentious. 

Wine list has good variety. We paid $102 for a bottle of cab, which was about middle of the road, price-wise. 

Au gratin potatoes are fabulous but very hot at first (see above). We had butter cake for dessert. I think they had planned to bring another dessert for my husbands birthday but they accommodated his request and there was no charge. Another classy move.

Live music was nice but added to a pretty loud environment. It was hard to converse. 

So, mixed reviews. If you're dying to try it, go for it. Maybe your experience will be better than mine. I'm not sure I'd go back, though.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant yet.  Excellent ambience, great food, great service.  We went with a party of 8, the wait staff was very attentive, without being intrusive.  I had the chilled shrimp appetizer which was excellent, as was the petite filet I had as an entrée.  My wife also had the shrimp, and then the lobster tails, which were amazing.
Excellent service and excellent entertainment was only topped by the unreal bone in fillet!! Possibly the best steak I have ever had!!
My favorite steak in town. The bone in filet is to die for.  Haven't had anything but a flawless experience the 10+ times I have eaten here.  Reserve the pool side dining if you can.
This place has great steaks! We rented a private room for a birthday last year. Everything was good, but for the price I'm not sure we would go back again. They have very similar quality steak to some more affordable steakhouses. It was fun to try it once tho, but I think ill stick with mastros. If you do go here be sure to try the chocolate cake, the size is huge and really good!
Dominick's was on the list of places I wanted to try for quite some time, so when my parents asked where I wanted to go to celebrate my recent birthday, I didn't hesitate with my answer.

We did have a lovely meal -- mostly because of the fabulous company, and it is indeed an elegant feeling steakhouse, but service was not amazing, salads were nothing special, and neither was the steak.  

The complimentary bread basket was good, and the sides we had were excellent (creamed spinach, asparagus, and shoestring fries).  But for the prices we paid, I'd go to Ocean Club or City Hall next time in a heartbeat over Dominick's.  Not much more to say than that!
We had a wonderful meal here! I got the New York strip steak and my wife got the fillet. We both agreed it was the best flavored steak we ever had! The atmosphere is very swanky! Pricy of course but worth going even if just once!
as far as steakhouses go, this is nice place with a good piece of meat. it has a classy steakhouse-esque ambiance (cushy chairs, dark lighting, every table setting imaginable) and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. 

i feel like steakhouses are all fairly the same and this one doesn't really do anything to set itself apart. one note: sides are shareable (which is nice) so try different ones at the table.

all in a nice experience but it felt general.
Classic steakhouse atmosphere, dark rich colors. Live music in the bar serves as entertainment for the restaurant (downstairs). Singer is very talented.

First server was strange, but when our actual server came ver he was better (first was very staccato, no welcome, just down to business...."hello. Tap or sparkling water?"). 

The pretzel bread is to die for. All the bread is amazing!

Oysters were great (expensive, though). Friends got crab law appetizer & liked it. Caesar salads were pretty good. 

We ordered lobster potatoes; they brought lobster Mac instead. The mgr brought a small side of potatoes, which were better than the pasta, in our opinion. My friend ordered petite filet, thy brought bone in filet instead. 

So sort of a rocky start....but got better.

My hubs and split a bone-in filet + scallops (plenty of food!). It was delicious, after my first bite which was gristle (I had to spit it out). I had the bone, and the meat flavor was great, cooked as I'd ordered. My hubs had the non-bone side, and by the time his sizzling hot plate came cooled down, his was overdone.

Plus: cocktails are great. Sides (snap peas, mushrooms) were fantastic. Warm butter dessert s recommended. Big portions. Quality of meat is high.

Negative: $40-$50 for a steak, it should come in cut and cooked as ordered, no gristle. Wine is 3x markup. 

I might try it again and see if I can upgrade to a 4-5 star. It's just that, for the price, I expected things to be better.
I was so ready to enjoy Dominick's... my husband and I save eating at expensive restaurants for rare occasions in our life. Enjoying the anticipation and the reward we're about to give ourselves is as much a part of the experience as the actual eating itself so it's something we treat ourselves to sparingly so it doesn't become mundane.

We had reached one of these time-to-celebrate occasions for something or other and it happened to coincide with an overwhelming desire for a good steak. Dominick's is just across the street from us and we'd not been there yet so we decided it was the perfect opportunity for our evening out! 

Unfortunately, we both ended up a little disappointed.

Let me say firstly I don't mind a high priced restaurant menu, not at all. But if you're pricing your menu in the realm of the 4 and 5 dollar signs, your restaurant - the ENTIRE restaurant experience - should live up to that rating.

That means knowledgeable and courteous wait staff, smooth handling by hosts and hostesses, elegant decor and atmosphere, professional management, creative and beautiful food presentation and exquisite quality. Skillfulness should be present in all areas. And in Dominick's I found it lacking.

We had reservations around 7:30 on a weeknight. We were greeted by a gum-chewing hostess at the front propped on her elbows looking bored and then escorted to a table against the back wall of the restaurant.There was hardly anyone in the place and they seat us in the most remote spot, away from the only people that *were* there. 

(Note to Dominick's - atmosphere in a restaurant is generated not by making remote islands of guests at either ends of a space, but by putting them just close enough together so that a collective energy is born from people enjoying themselves being in proximity to one another.)

Personally I found the decor cliché: padded leather walls, dark colors - design choices that smack of old rich white men in their exclusive country club yukking it up with their gin and tonics. I understand the style may resonate with some so I don't find any fault with the restaurant about it at all, it's clearly a personal preference. Just not one I'd make were I to design the interior of a high end steakhouse in Scottsdale.

After having been seated, our server couldn't be bothered with much beyond "What can I get you?" He was preoccupied with something all evening. I realized only after I heard another server present some daily specials to her customers that our guy completely blew over that part of the usual routine. He also hadn't asked if we wanted cocktails or wine and when we got there, he didn't mention dessert possibilities at the end... nothing. The guy was adequate at best and did nothing to contribute to an enjoyable evening.

Unfortunately this says to me, even if it's not 100% true across the board, that the bar isn't set very high during Dominick's hiring process. It's a delightful feeling when you sit down at a table in a restaurant and find yourself being taken care of by a consummate server -  in the industry for years, knows the menu like he created it, and handles his customers with aplomb yet not intrusive. It's a magical thing. I acknowledge it's not fair for me to expect that every single time - after all, not everyone's an artist - but I do expect a little more from a server at a supposed high-end restaurant than "What can I get you?" or "Anything else?" which is all we were treated to.

The food is fine - although I give presentation a big fat ZERO. No creativity here - bare white plate with a piece of steak on it. I almost laughed. While it wasn't extraordinary, the steaks were cooked as asked and the quality of the meat *is* excellent, but something was off. To me, the place was masquerading as one thing (high end primo restaurant you should want to visit because of its name and location), but in reality it's something else and I couldn't put my finger on it until we got home.

We were also graced by two roving managers who didn't know what each was doing. The first gentleman showed up wanting to know "how things were going". Um... ok as I have a bite in my mouth? Then not 10 minutes later a different man, also introducing himself as a manager interrupted our meal again asking the same thing. Come on guys! Really? Here we are in cocktail attire, in a mostly empty restaurant, stuck against the back wall in la-la land, trying to enjoy time together that we've purposely set aside for an expensive meal and you bumble about the place like it's ... like it's...

A tourist trap.

*That* was what I couldn't put my finger on while I was there. Packaged up all pretty (oh you should see the foo-foo cars they like to park in front of their entrance) but on the inside it was slightly cheesy, dated, mundane service, and food that looked like someone slammed it on the plate in a hurry.

Do yourself a favor if you're looking for class. Go elsewhere.
Our excellent waiter, Dan, took care of us for dinner on December 7th. My mother's NY strip turned out great, my super large shrimps cocktail had an amazingly strong "atomic horse radish" on the side, and the recommended "butter cake" was amazing (not one morsal remained)!
The shopping district this restaurant is in seems to be the place to be on a weekend night. Driving through, I had an urge to walk around a bit but we utilized the valet parking for Dominick's which allowed us to unload right in front. This did not allow for any sort of window shopping.  Boo!

We were seated in the back of the restaurant which was a bit elevated and gave us a great view of the piano and bottom dining area. It was pretty cool set up. Lighting was pretty dim which seems to be typical of these fancy restaurants. If you've ever been to a swanky steakhouse, Dominick's menu is pretty much the same.  You have a choice of steak, chicken and even lobster. And all sides are ala carte...and pricey. Each range from $9-13 

I went for the 8 ounce petite filet mignon medium rare and the table ordered practically all the sides; brussel sprouts with crispy bacon, mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, creamed sweet corn, au gratin potatoes, au gratin cauliflower and the shoe string fries. In our defense, there were 4 couples and lots of left over sides. = )  I thoroughly enjoyed my steak and even had half of it left which I had the next day for lunch.

My husband ordered pasta with mixed veggies since he's not much of a meat eater and was really satisfied with his dinner. He indulged in plenty of our sides to not feel like he was missing out.

Our waiter was great and super attentive.  Drinks were refilled and refreshed regularly which made the table really happy. Dinners are a lot more entertaining when the alcohol is flowing.

The price of dining (or drinking for that matter) here is not cheap but if you're prepared to shell out some cash, it's a nice place to dress up and dine. For us, it was a nice little treat and date night. Overall, we had a very enjoyable time and if we're ever in the area, we will likely be back.
LOVE Dominick's! The food is equivalent to any other steakhouse i.e. Mastros, Donovan's etc. But sitting up by the pool makes it so much greater! I take all of my friends and family who are in town visiting for dinner there. Always a great experience.
Everything about this place is pretty great!!! Fish is awesome, steak is awesome, service is awesome. Great spot.
Tonight was my first time here and I have to say that I am very impressed! I didn't really know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent from the moment we walked through the revolving door until we got back into our cars at the complimentary valet area. To me good service is everything but good service can sometimes be all you get. Well, I think this place is well worth the money you will spend here. Everything that touched our table was top notch from the steak to the sea bass. And the atmosphere is very comfortable. Not too stuffy but not too laid back either. I thoroughly enjoyed my night here! Definitely a revisit in my future :)
My husband and I fell in love all over again at Dominicks! O.k., joking! We spent an evening, just us too basking in the wonderful atmosphere of Dominicks Steakhouse. I ordered the Ribeye and it melted in my mouth. The fried meatballs were good but I wouldn't order it again. The shrimp appetizer was amazing, the sauce was FANTASTIC! Service was awesome too but the steaks, OMG, so tender and full of flavor.

It's expensive. Our bill was $250 but it was a date night and we really needed to treat ourselves!!!

Oh and try the Italian Blood Martinis, HELLO BABY!!!! Order one because they give you the shaker and whats left in the shaker is the amount of another martini. Yeah baby!

We plan on going back for our anniversary.
When I die, I'm pretty sure I won't be going to heaven, which is why I come here, for their warm butter cake.

I don't have drinks.
Or appetizers.
And I don't eat one of their signature cuts of beef. 
Only the warm butter cake.

This cake is served on an oval platter.
And on this platter is a six-inch long, two-inch thick, oval shaped butter cake cooked to golden browned perfection. 
Also on the platter is a small lake of warmed caramel sauce, a generous dollop of freshly whipped cream, and a scoop of softened, french vanilla ice cream.

In concert with all its accoutrements, each mouthful of this buttery delight will have you looking forward to the next with so much enthusiasm, you'll find yourself shiftily speeding your shoveling gait so as to out-consume your date by at least a five spoonful margin.

I say forget all those other useless calories from drinks and entrees and shoot your entire calorie wad on a dessert so sumptious, it's likely the nearest thing to heaven you'll ever experience.
This was my first time here and this place was amazing. I didn't care much for the seafood tower. The bone-in ribeye is to die for and I would definitely recommend getting the Au Gratin as the side. I'll be back for more!
Been here a few times. After hearing about the rooftop dining, I decided the next time I came here I would try to get the poolside table. So this past weekend we decided to come here and just as my request they seated me next to the pool. The service here has never let me down. The food has always been amazing. It was just so beautiful being able to see the clouds and stars while eating. The rooftop has a different ambiance more quiet and intimate. I cannot wait to come back again!
Went there for dinner recently.  Very accommodating staff from the hostesses, the bussers, the wait staff, the bartenders.  Everyone was enthusiastic and very polite.  The food was excellent and the environment couldn't have been more perfect.  Excellent place for dinner regardless of occasion.
Absolutely the BEST steak I have ever had! The service was outstanding and the pace was perfect. This is a must do when in Scottsdale! We will definitely be back.
When you spend this much on food you expect a high level of food and service. The servers are always friendly and I always feel like I get what I pay for at Dominick's.
A great steakhouse in a great location. The food and ambiance are top notch at Dominicks. Their ambiance and decor are unlike any other upscale steakhouse around. Being in the Scottsdale Quarter is also a plus for after dinner hang outs.  

From time to time, the service does lack the quality and attention to detail expected from such a restaurant and the steaks are not always prepared the way they should be. The consistency is not quite there when compared to a rival like City Hall. 

Regardless, Dominick's is a great place to be! Cant go wrong.
Finally went to Dominick's...  I love steak houses... So I was overdue for a visit.

Ambiance: awesome. No other word (perfect if you want a romantic date or out with close friends).

Service: outstanding.  They knew the menu, timing, etc.  anticipated my need for black napkin, never had an empty drink, extremely polite and prompt without hovering.

Food: fine.  The beet salad was delicious.  The steak was fine... But over-cooked (ordered med rare... Got medium).   Side dishes were fine... But nothing outstanding.  I tasted my friend's pork chop which was very good.

Overall, I expected the food to be better for the high prices.  But I enjoyed the ambiance and service very much.
My boyfriend and I love trying new restaurants. Dominick's came highly recommended, as I wanted a steakhouse, to treat him to dinner. He thoroughly enjoyed his steak - in his words, "It was amazing!"  We shared the loaded mash potatoes and they were okay - a little too thin, I like thicker mashed potatoes. I ordered the scallops and wasn't happy. The lemon butter sauce they were served in was great, but the scallops themselves, were bland. I just expected more. The bread basket was fantastic. The service was fantastic. Everyone was polite and very knowledgeable. And the live music added a lovely touch. I've heard so many good things about Dominick's, that I have to give them another chance. So, we will be returning.
Whenever there is some sort of holiday or reason to take someone out to a nice steak and seafood dinner this is the place.  I wish I could eat there once a week but it's a little pricey for that. In am a huge fan of mastros as well but  Dominick's has a really cool ambiance that appeals to me more and it's basically the same menu.

Their fresh bread basket has some really tastes breads and I would highly recommend the seafood tower which is my favorite to start or I could just fill up on the seafood tower and a salad alone.

I also recommend the shrimp Dominick which has this amazing sauce that you can also dip your bread in.

I have never has a bad cut of meat there and the sides are so delicious and they are pretty large so I am always taking home tons of leftovers.  And there is nothing better than steakhouse leftovers (except maybe cold pizza but anyway) the next day.

The butter cake is by far my favorite dessert if you still have room after everything else which is usually not the case for me.

If you are looking to impress, this is definitely the spot.  Plus the quarter is a cool place to walk around after dinner and iPic is right there to catch a movie at too.
So I went here for the first time with a friend a couple months ago.... The bread was amazing along with the service. I ordered the filet steak and it was amazing! The service was extremely good and the restaurant was very comforting.
We went to Dominick's Saturday night and I have to say it was great!
Everything from the service to the food was spot on.  We usually go to Mastros  but after finding out the Mastros group started a new restaurant, we had to give it a try.  Wow, were we please, they are definitely are giving Mastros a run for their money.
Keep up the good work.........we will be back!
Two thumbs up Dominick's!!!!!!!
My first time dining at Dominick's did not disappoint! The layout of the building is quite interesting; downside here is that it's pretty crowded and very dimly lit. Makes for an interesting journey up to the top floor. There's a pool upstairs in the middle of the room which makes for some sweet ambiance. The music was also great; a blend of pop, rock and house set the mood for a vibrant evening. 
The food exceeded my already high expectations of the place. For appetizers we went with crab cakes and shrimp Dominick; both very delicious. I went with the lobster for my main course; it was cooked to perfection. Don't even get me started on the lobster mashed and the loaded mashed potatoes..... They were melt-in-your-mouth heavenly. My mouth is water just thinking about them....
Last but not least, the créme brûlée.... Woah. This is by far my favorite dessert of all time, and I kid you not when I say this was the best I ever had! May go back just for the dessert.
All in all it was a great experience and I would definitely go back!
Not quite the fantastic experience I was hoping for.  The ambiance was klassy (yes, with a k) but in a very contrived Scottsdale way.  Way too loud.  I was with one other person and it was difficult to hear each other both at the bar and at our table.  The service was very prompt.  My steak had a very funky taste.  Not quite bad enough to send back, but there was something odd about it.  I tried my friend's steak (same cut) and it tasted fine so there was something strange about mine.  I was very nonplussed with the food.  Fine but nothing special enough to warrant steakhouse prices.  I will say that that butter cake thing was fantastic.  Probably the most unhealthy thing I've eaten all year, but quite tasty.  Given all of the good steakhouses to choose from in the area, I wouldn't bother returning to Dominick's.
Had Friday night at 7:30 reservations, and everything was ready for us when we arrived.  Place was packed!  Server Jeff was excellent, and all of the staff were professional and prompt, which is what you want and expect when spending $53 for a steak!  My wife and I each had a cocktail, and the pours were excellent.  The martini actually is almost 2 martinis.  The wine list had an excellent selection of quality wines in the $50-$75 range....sometimes hard to find in restaurants of this caliber.  The Duckhorn Pinto was excellent, as was the price at $51.  Appetizers....both the Jumbo Shrimp and the Blue Point Oysters were perfect.  Wife ordered Filet, I ordered bone in NY....both medium rare and cooked just as ordered.  Split the sides....creamed spinach and half fries/half onion strings....wonderful.  Since we noted on our reservation that this was a special occasion....17th wedding anniversary, they served a great chocolate cake with Happy Anniversary on it, and it was also excellent.  Everything was $260 plus tip, and was well worth it.  5 stars....they deserve it!
Went with my wife for our anniversary and we both had steak. Probably the best steak we've had in years! We ate upstairs on the roof, it was quite romantic. They had a shallow pool in the middle with floating candles and flower petals, the roof even opened up to show the stars and night sky. Was very classy. A tad but dark though, I couldn't see very well at first.
TOURIST TRAP!!! Sorry to those that I know that work there but this is a place you go once and do not come back. Over priced, overly loud, and the product does not match the scene. We ordered wine by the glass and the waiter had to check the wine list to see what I had ordered. We ordered crab cakes and they came out in under a minute(sure sign of someones mistake sitting in the window waiting to be re-sold), and our steak was over cooked, however we couldn't even send it back due to lack of attention by our server. He checked back once during the meal and then again to see if we wanted dessert. The inside was poshly decorated and the dining room with the pool was very cool, but not enough to overcome the feeling of being lost in the shuffle. I hope Steak 44 has more to offer.
I've been here for the last three weeks in a row and I just love it.  The steak is cooked perfectly, the ambience couldn't be more swanky, and I just feel at home when I see the artwork of the glasses saying cheers to a great time.  Also, their pours on glasses of wine are FAT.  Well worth the $14 - $39 a glass whatever it is you may be ordering.  Stay away from the 401k though.  Spend the extra $2-$3 and get something thats not from "California."  The Porterhouse was amazing, best creamed spinach anywhere, and the mushrooms were perfect.  I also liked how the waiter hurried my wine to my table as soon as the steak got there!  That is a level of service reserved for the best of the best.  Finish the night off with their butter cake, and you can't go wrong.  It's not cheap, but it's truly one of life's great pleasures to be served such a spectacular meal and not have to clean up after.  Well worth the $300 price tag.
"DONE with DOMINICK's"........Just got back from my first Happy Hour at Dominick's.  Although I have had dinner there on multiple occasions, some frieds have been urging us to try their Happy Hour, supposedly one of the most popular ones in the area.  Let me start with saying from a food standpoint and the service staff.......top notch all the way.  The filet and scallops appetizer was incredible.  But I am getting sick and tired of the finer restuarants, or any retail establishment for that matter, playing games with the public and our pocketbooks.  So the menu says "Any Well $7" and "Any Call $8".  It would appear that their interpretation of "ANY" is somewhat different from what I recollect from my school days even though we are going back a few years, OK a few decades.  Nevertheless, I proceed to order several "Crown Royal and Cokes".  When the bill arrives at the end of the evening, the drinks are listed on the tab at $11 each.  When I inquired about this I was informed "Oh, those are not included in the Happy Hour specials".  I said "any" means "any" doesn't it and she replies "Oh yeah, we"ve been meaning to get that changed"..............REALLY?..............are you kidding me?  I mean we're talking about Crown Royal, a middle of the road at best Canadian whiskey.  We're not talking about "Heny IV Cognac".........when I asked what bourbon waws part of the Happy Hour special I was informed "Bacardi"...........lol.........I mean really where do tehy find these people.  On the scale of 1-10, I would give the food, servie, and atmosphere an 11.  But be it petty to some, I am tired of the "games" played at some establishments.  I will miss this place, it was ideal for taking business associates and clients.........................but in this day and age there are too many other options to spend this kind of money to enjoy a good "BACARDI".................
What an experience!!! I was taken on a double date here a couple weeks ago. Everything was amazing and I was not disappointed. I really like how the sides are served family style so you can try a little of everything if you go with a big group. Can't wait to go back again.
Dominick's Steakhouse is the Willy Wonka's factory of steakhouses. The ambiance and surroundings are very calm, and the overall shape of the restaurant is, well, perfect. Everything about this place is of the highest quality and perfection. Immediately you are prompted for what beverages you would like to be sipping on the rest of the night. The wine selection is endless and so are the refills. If you are not swayed by alcoholic beverages then you are sure to be enthralled by the water. The bottle water is expensive for a very particular reason; it comes from a melting glacier that is literally 10,000 years old. The tap water is just as good though.
 To start off with an appetizer, my friend Jeff and I tried the Shrimp Dominick for the appetizer. The creamy sauce perfectly accented the shrimp and accompanying thin slices of toast. I ordered the Filet Mignon with bone in prepared medium. This steak was absolutely amazing. It instantly melted in my mouth after each bite. It was as if God himself came down and gave me this steak. Then for my sides I had the mashed potatoes and sweet, creamy corn. These sides were large enough to feed 3 people generously, and just like the steak provided a feeling of absolute pure euphoria with each bite. The mashed potatoes were as white as a Minnesota winter, and had just the right creamy texture. The sweet creamy corn was fresh of the cornstalk with a CAT truckload of crème to back it up. To tie it up, we ordered a Molten Lava Cake, which literally sealed the deal on the entire meal. The service from the staff was absolutely above and beyond. Our waiter was always around the corner to make sure our drinks were full, and tended to our every need.  All in all, if you have $200 to blow on a dinner for two; go to Dominick's Steakhouse, you will not regret it. However, if you are looking for a reasonably priced dinner, then this will probably not meet your criteria, but I highly recommend you still look into it as an option.
I only give them a 3 due to the service and excessive bread crumbs. 

First impression was the girls upfront are snotty bitches. We had to push our dinner reservation an hour and the three girls up front literally talked shit to each other about our group when three of them walked away to get seated. Should have saw the look on there face when they realized I was in the party and just heard everything they said. 

The restaurant itself is very nice. It would have been better to sit up top but someone rented that out for a private party. 

Our initial waiter passed us off to an Asian guy which we all thought was odd, including our "new" waiter. 

Entrees were very good. Filets, ribeye and sebass were what you would expect. The sides on the other hand were extremely disappointing. The creamed spinach and mac and cheese weren't just topped with panko, they were completely mixed in which made them disgusting. Thankfully the mashed potatoes didn't have any at all. 

Make sure you are very specific when asking to box up the leftovers!! Out of a ribeye, two filets and 3 sides all that was packed was the ribeye and 1 filet. And there was a lot left on the sides since we hardly touched 2 of them. 

Might give it another shot when I'm in the area again.
This is one of the best Steakhouses I have been to the quality of the food and rich atmosphere made it a fantastic experience.The top floor roof open on nice evenings letting you see the night sky!:)
A very swanky place, they have red carpet at the door way!!

As it was the last week to have my dad in town, we decided to try this always-have-fancy-cars (Aston Martin, anyone?) parked outside steakhouse. It was not busy at 6:30 on a Thursday night, we both felt the restaurant is too dark and too loud!

Food was delicious! Medium rare filet was juicy and nicely cooked, the steamed asparagus on the side was very fresh, and the Alaskan king crab legs, wow, a lot of them and very salty!

While we enjoyed the food, served with excellent service, we just felt like it was missing something, but can't really describe to detail. Personally, I just didn't really get the outside to be all so fancy swanky, but no peace to be found anywhere inside, and what's up with the metal-ish decor?

I will just say, yeah, I tried, for a better quality of food and price, I would much prefer J&G.
I had the filet mignon and it tasted pretty good.  Medium rare was really cooked to a good medium rare. The highlight of the night was the butter cake the portions of the desserts were massive!! I could go to this restaurant just to get the butter cake and the other desserts. Came with whip cream and ice cream of never had anything like it!!
I enjoyed an absolutely delicious meal at Dominick's with a large group of friends and family. They have a great menu - any size of steak you can imagine from filet mignon to tomahawks the size of a cricket bat. The sides and some of the appetizers are meant to be shared family-style. Great place to come for a drink and enjoy live music in their beautifully-decorated bar, with their extensive wine and cocktail menus.

Overall our service was very good. However, my ONLY point for improvement was that the server commented that he was under-tipped which was actually not the case. I felt that this was in poor taste to openly comment to customers that their tip was too low, regardless of the fact that we had left a substantial tip.
Good food, sometimes the service lack.  Great atmosphere,  Would recommend this place based on that.  Otherwise pretty typical prime steak joint.
I've walked by Dominick's many of time but never really had a desire to visit. Anyways, my son gave me a gift certificate for Father's Day. So I decided to have an early Father's Day dinner. 

When we walked in I could smell its fancy. Staff dress really nice, dark, pop music playing(I think). We were taken to the main dining area and they had a small marble stairs. Very nice.  The hostess brought us to our table and seated us. We sat for a minute or two without menus (can you say awkward). Never been to a place like this before. Anyways, the waiter brings us the menus and makes sure we get our drink orders and bread basket. Our waiter was Geoff and he went over the menu and was very knowledgable. Very impressive. 

We started off with the bread basket. I usually don't write about the bread basket but all I have to say is WOW. You get a pretzel bread (so good. Excellent), sour dough, bread sticks, and red onion Focaccia. The focaccia was soft and sweet. I loved it. Also, remember I really don't like onions but this was really good. 

I ordered the 22oz Bone In Ribeye. My wife ordered the Filet of Sole Francese and we got the side dishes of Sautéed Spinach with Garlic and Mac & Cheese. The ribeye was something special. It was so tender, juicy, cooked perfectly, and melted in my mouth. It was sooo good. Also, be aware that the always state that their steak plate comes out at 500 degrees and it was hot. Sizzling hot. My wife had the Sole and it was good. It tasted okay. Nothing special. They do give you two large filets. One thing that stood out is after they served our meals, they asked us if they can serve us our side dishes. Very nice touch. The spinach was very good and the Mac & Cheese was good too. The main meal and bread basket was so big that we couldn't even finish the side dishes. Yum yum good. 

We were stuffed but left a little room for dessert. You always got to leave room for dessert. So we tried their signature dessert which was a hot Butter cake with vanilla bean ice cream, homemade whip cream, and Carmel syrup. Really good. Soft and buttery (of course) with a nice sweet taste. The ice cream had something different. Couldn't put a finger on it but was so darn good. Excellent dessert. 

The service was excellent. Our waiter checked on us just enough, our water cups were refilled all the time, dishes were removed in a timely manner, and they boxed up our food too. 

I really enjoyed Dominick's. They claim to be  focus on Midwestern Beef so definitely try their steaks. So if you really want a great steak with a nice atmosphere then Dominick's might be that place. Just be aware of the prices. It's at the high end, but food is great, service excellent. Enjoy but be ready to open your wallet.
Great location and ambiance, especially if you're looking for a romantic evening out. I had the petite filet which was melt in your mouth, and the service as to be expected was excellent. It can be a little over the top and feel uppity, but considering the area in North Scottsdale I think it's par for the course and I'm sure most diners actually appreciate that about them. 
The desserts I don't think are that great...which is surprising to me. I'll order an extra glass of wine the next time I'm there instead.
Overall I think this is a great steakhouse and if you haven't tried it, it is a definite must!
Food is ALWAYS amazing. Poor rating based on service alone. 

My wife and I took one of our best friends to Dominick's for dinner for his 30th birthday. Upon being seated we we're greeted by our server after a few minutes. He got us each our water and asked if we would like bread to snack on and we said yes please. The bread was brought out by someone else and we did not see our server again until the check was delivered to our table. Luckily I used to work in the service industry and knew another server that was working that night and he took our wine order and food order, refilled our wine glasses, AND checked on the taste of our meal. We would have ordered more wine but there was no server. My wife only drank water bc she was driving us and her water glass was never refilled after its initial appearance. The next time we saw our server he dropped off the check at the table and said Thanks. 

Overall, the food is outstanding every time we go to Dominick's. I even proposed to my wife here. However, this time was also for a special occasion and the service was about equal to what I would expect from a Chili's or Applebee's. That is besides that of a friend that could only offer limited support to our table AND received none of the tip.  This would Not be expected of our favorite steakhouse in Phoenix and Scottsdale...And definitely not a up to par with a $400+ tab.
To start the night off they offer complimentary valet. This was a good hit for me because I HATE driving around looking for a parking space.

The serves at this restaurant was superb. We ordered the 12oz steak and shared. It's was More the. Enough. The sizes are very BIG. It's enough for at least 4 people to share. So try to order different things so that you get to taste a little bit of everything.

Spinach- I'm not a spinach fan so I won't say much about it but my friends said it was just Ok

Mushrooms- Once again I'm not a fan of mushrooms but my table thought it was the best side dish. It was seasoned to perfection (so I was told)

Broccoli- I like my broccoli a little tender. Not hard has a rock. Sooo the broccoli would have been better if I informed the waiter what I wanted.

Potatoes- now this was yummy. It was like eating potatoes in the style of lasagna. 

Onion Focaccia  was a different treat to start the night off. Totally not your typical bread. 

I enjoyed my experience with this Dommicks will definitely come back.
Obviously a beautiful establishment.  And the food is certainly well prepared, although somewhat pricey. However, my one quip is that the staff is not as welcoming as they should be. And have felt a bit of condescension on more than one occasion. A hostess staff cannot judge a guest by their appearance. They should welcome everyone as if they are a guest at their home.
After all of the rave of Dominick's I had to give this restaurant a try, and well it was no disappointment. Service was outstanding, we had 3 people in our party and although seated in a side room with not much view of the rest of the restaurant action it was fine the service made up for it and also gave us time to be fully engaged in our good company we had in town. The steaks were cooked to perfection the fish was delightful and the potatoes au gratin was out of this world! I will highly recommend this restaurant to my friends and clients.