The Sets offers something for everyone. There are a few different rooms, including a live music venue, an atrium with patio seating, a pool hall and the main bar, which is filled with fun games like air hockey and video games. The bar tends to be filled with a younger crowd on week nights since the club hosts all-ages shows, but on the weekends you'll find more of a 21+ crowd.
I've been going here for over 4 years.  We've done comedy in just about every room.
I still have trouble understanding WHY the bathrooms are so...destroyed!  Some of the doors are off their hinges, there is never enough hand soap or paper towels.
On the flip side, though, there is something to do for everyone.  Pool, air hockey, ping pong, music and the outdoor atrium.
Staff is very friendly
So, i've lived 3blocks from this place for 7yrs and never been so today i finally made the long drive over to check it out... all kinds of fun stuff here. free pool (tons of tables), shuffle board and foosball... not to mention tons of events coming up; comedy shows, concerts and wrestlng?!  They dont have a happy hr (but they do have drink specials) and the wings i ordered where more like mini wings.... probably wont go there for 'happy hr' but to play pool or check out some crazy/fun event count me in!
This place is not good. Unfortunately it is one of the only all ages venues for bands to play at in the metro area, so good bands get stuck here.

The stage area is awkwardly sanctioned off with caution tape separating the under/over 21 crowd. 

The bar service in The band area is really awful. I had to wait ten minutes to get some waters. Bear in mind that there was nobody at the bar, so it wasn't because I was waiting in a huge line. The guy had major attitude too.

The sound guy is NOT good. The lighting in the main bar/pool table area is WAY too bright. 

People are going to get stuck going here to see local bands they like, but just know, the place is not a good venue so don't expect much.
Not bad.  Free pool and ping pong in the main bar area, and 75 cent pool in the adjoining room.  $2 beer specials.  Decent bartending.  I don't know, I mean, it was okay, I guess.  Didn't blow me away.  It was pretty loud though, and the bartender girl played that Three Doors Down song (Superman I think?) three times in a row, which is just unbelievably annoying, and makes me really want to give it only 2 stars, but I enjoyed the pool area enough.
It's the only "all ages" venue for miles, so it was weird to see 12 year old punk rock kids slam dancing with adults. A little disturbing, too.... but funny, for sure.

The mixed drinks aren't designed to be tasty, they are designed to get people super fucked up and come in a giant mug. That should tell you something. They had to call an ambulance for one girl who apparently slammed 2 long islands and passed out. Two? They are gigantic. Think like 7 in normal terms, maybe. 

There was a video on the TV over the bar playing, in which people were beating each other up with metal folding chairs. 

I wish I were making this up.

If you want to see a bunch of mediocre bands and maybe a good one, once in a while, bring some friends and get trashed. I repeat - definitely bring your own company.
the Sets is only good for 3 stars, but i'm bumping it to four because they have a pretty cool outside patio  bar area that i can smoke with a drink, and it's enclosed so i don't feel like i'm sitting in the parking lot.

i've seen a couple hip-hop shows here and as far as the sound is concerned it's pretty good.  my buddy was passed a joint on the patio once and security told him to put it out...as opposed to throwing us out. so cool creds go to them. one of the performers of the night passed it to him, so i guess if we got kicked out it would have been their loss too. haha.

waited here 3 hours for KRS-ONE...honestly thats my worse experience here...still annoys the shit out of me. otherwise i'll keep seeing shows here. its better then chasers.
I'm rating this place as both a bar and a music venue. 

The bar has very decent drink specials ($2 Kilt Lifter Pints!...fuck me sideways!) 
If you drink the shit they have on special, then you're cool. If you drink anything else, you're not going to get ripped off. 
The place has free table games, which is nice, a nice outside bar, which by the way, is the only bar you can get draft beer from, and a decent size stage area for small club shows. 
Security seem to be cool, they allow moshing while at the same time can identify assholes who are abusing the privilege and step in and maintain the peace. 
It's a pretty decent place to grab a beer, bang your head and chill out for a little while..
Another venue not living up to their full potential.  I like that the venue and bar have seperate spaces and the outdoor patio/bar is nice as Im a smoker but lately they have been booking bands too large for the venue and you end up elbow to a-hole w/ a bunch of little kids if you want to be anywhere near the band playing as the over 21 fenced off area is about a 10 inch radius from the bar.  The bar staff is pretty laid back,  the security staff is kind of ego-maniacal meatheads that kick people's asses for no reason.  When i went to The Germs show someone got their nose broken.  Lots of blood.  Which, typically would be a normal scene for a punk rock pit but it was inflicted by the security simply because the kid told him to F off.

Liquor is kinda expensive but decent specials on various nights.  usually reasonable cover charge for bands which is nice in this economy. The usual bar games, i want to say they are free during certain times . . . not sure on that tho'.
R.I.P. Loved this place.
Nice pool tables.  Shufflepuck.  Some tasty appetizers.  The atmosphere is a little bright for my tastes and barstaff has the annoying habit of overriding your  selections on the jukebox.  However, location and decent drinks and food make this a frequently stop.
Why is it that whenever a new bar goes up in Madison they insist on making it feel like it belongs in Fitchburg? Other than that, it's not a bad spot to shoot some pool, grab some cheese curds and a pitcher to relax. It's over on East Wash in the sort of no-man's-land, which keeps the kiddies out. Not necessarily a destination, but a good spot to start off your evening.
Not bad, not great, but a lot of pool tables.  Not too much else to say other than parking sometimes sucks due to popular shows at the High Noon next door.
Grade: C+

Bar food. Bar prices. Bar service. Cool looking place.
I've had quite a few great nights at the Brass Ring, but there is always an outside chance that I hit an off night and the experience isn't very enjoyable.  The bar is nice and open, well-lit and built to keep people from standing on top of each other.  The pool tables and the shuffleboard table are in great shape and the cost is pretty reasonable.  When on a table there is usually a waitress that keeps the drinks flowing.  I've never been upstairs or in the dining area for an actual dinner, but the appetizers have always been quite good.  The Brass Ring shares an outdoor patio area with the High Noon, and it can be a great place to hang out during the summer months.  I especially like the tap selection, as it always includes three or four top-notch beers from local micros (Lake Louie, Ale Asylum, etc.).  I often drop in for a quick drink before doors open for shows at the High Noon.  Parking can be an issue, but I usually hit up the MG&E lots up the block, which are open for parking at night.

The downside: sometimes the bartenders can be surprisingly aloof and rude.  On occasion my friends and I have had jukebox selections skipped by the bartender, then told to shove off when we asked for a refund on our dollar.  This is annoying to be sure, but I don't plug the juke all that much here as the selections aren't all to my liking.  What does really piss me off is when you find yourself standing at the bar, money in hand, for close to 10 minutes watching the two bartenders joke with each other and steal glances your way.  This would definitely be a four star place if not for this type of aggravation.  It's not frequent enough to make me stop going here, but it certainly can mar an otherwise great night out with friends.
Not my usual spot, but my girl friends and I decided to try this venue for TGIF. 
Dude, the happy hours price is excellent - $2 a rail for Friday!! I appreciated that so much. The happy hours last until 7pm, and that's long enough to squeeze fair amount of after-work liquor therapy. After 7, it was $3.75 a rail. Still a fair price.

The bar tenders were friendly, the service was quick. The food is average bar food, but not bad. I'd say this is a good place for group outing. 

And, I have to advertise that the beautiful carpentry done at the bar is work of my friend. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do :)
Great place for a party.  We had a birthday party there, the food was fab, the beer was ice cold, the bar was attractive and the staff was great.  Would certainly use them again, or go back for drinks and dinner.
The Brass Ring has quickly been growing on me to the point where it's probably one of my favorite bars in Madison now.  I just started frequenting it about two months ago and it has a lot to offer.  There is a bevy of pool tables so that it's almost a guarantee you'll be able to use one, the space inside is open allowing you to change-up what your doing on the fly without having to go somewhere else, and the beer selection is agreeable.  There's also a shuffleboard table that is in good shape and usually not overcrowded (like the ridiculous "list" system the Great Dane uses).  The atmosphere is good, but I think part of that is because I've usually gone with a group of 5 or 6 friends if not more.

There are a few cons though, despite the fact that I like it so much.  First, the patrons there are a mixed bag.  I don't like to judge other people, but it has a mix of trashy and cleaner looking people and I've heard of unsavory times there from friends of mine.  I personally haven't run into any issues, but you never know.  The bartenders are usually overworked and not very quick as others have mentioned, but if you snag a pool table it's usually not too big of a deal.  Parking can sometimes be a hassle, but there's a lot of street parking if your patient.

Lastly, the food isn't that great.  They give you big portions, but it's about as greasy-bar-food as it gets, and doesn't even taste that good.  I guess I could recommend the chili-cheese-fries, but it's generally better just to get drinks, play pool, and get friends together.  The Brass Ring's strong suit is it's open space, so invite a lot of friends and you're bound to have a pretty solid time.
I went here twice in the past week to meet up with friends that were in town for the holidays.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere where you can actually talk to each other without straining to listen.  The high ceilings and woodwork are a nice touch.
Good for pool. Prices are fair. Nice place.
Fun place. Good food, pool tables. great vibe.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon.  We were able to park, but took the last available space.  

Inside is fairly nice and there are a ton of pool tables, if that's your thing.  Prices were reasonable.

The wait staff weren't great.  I'm not sure if they were overworked or what, but my table and the table behind us had to repeat orders.  I got a spicy chicken sandwich and started feeling sick on the drive home.  I'm not blaming the Brass Ring for that, but it certainly cemented feeling ill with going to the Brass Ring.  It might be worth it for customers to make the extra trek into the downtown to get better food, service and atmosphere for the same price.
The food is average-to-good Madison fare, but the happy hour prices are superb, the service is fine, and the management is incredibly helpful to the point of bending over backwards. The space is fine, but they have more pool tables for the size than any other Madison bar, which means not having to wait hours for your turn. Great Friday hangout while waiting for a show at the nearby High Noon.
I like the Brass Ring. Even though the ceilings are a ba-jillion feet tall, it feels cozy inside. The pool tables are challenging (they're HUGE) and the service is just attentive enough. On top of that they have decent food and really well crafted drinks. Hendrick's press with freshly muddled cucumber? Don't mind if I do.
This place is not cheap, so keep that in mind if you are on a budget. But it is a fun place to hang out with a small group and have a good time.
A few co-workers and I met here last Friday to get together.  We all needed to blow off some steam about work and a bar seemed like the perfect place to do it.  It was fairly busy, since it was a Friday, but the waitress we had did a pretty good job of checking on us.  We were even checked on by who I believe to be a manager a couple times.  I ordered a couple well drinks and was pleasantly surprised by how good they tasted.  You can never be too sure with a well drink...
I ordered cheese curds to munch on and while they were good, they were not anything special.  My co-worker got the hummus wrap and she seemed to enjoy that a lot.  Pricing for everything seemed average.  No bargains, but you weren't going to pay an arm and a leg for basic bar food either.  I liked the atmosphere a lot, but I'm not sure if I'll make an effort to return.
For the last couple of weeks, I've been going to Brass Ring for their Wednesday trivia night. I love it! The owner runs the trivia and he is super nice and always remembers our group. The staff is also great. The first couple of times, it seemed like they were a little light on the staff given how crowded it was, but that hasn't been an issue at all lately. For a bar, they have a very large food menu, including a vegetarian selection. And they have decent wine and great cocktails for beer haters.
I frequent this joint quite a bit for trivia night. It's always a fun time and the food and drinks are good. Service is always great, which is pretty hard to come by on trivia night.

Food is cheap and quality matches what you pay for.

Nice selection of taps and specials throughout the week.

Not a place to take out-of-towners, but somewhere I'd recommend if you're looking for a fun weeknight out.
the brass ring... where some people go to play pool, and incredibly bland people come to drink themselves stupid. meh.
Why, oh why did it take me so long to grab a beer with you Brass Ring?
You're woody. 
You're expansive. 
You're hip.
You have an awesome music venue next door!

Not certain why I didn't cross East Wash sooner, the place is practically in my front yard, but I'm glad I did. Some friends found it easy to have conversation even though the place was hopping, and there's a decent selection of brews.
8/18/13 My wife and I stopped in.  We played pool, drank a pitcher, and ate an appetizer.  It was great.  We had a GroupOn and were still treated with the respect we deserved.  We also had to have a martini and a bourbon too!  :-)
Deck the halls with pools of pool! 

CLUUURRRRLY the place to be on Wednesday night for trivia. Almost everyone who's there is playing and INTO. IT.

Deal on New Belgium Beers...Hell, get a pitcher while you're at it.
This place was awful. I just left. This is my second trip to Madison and my friend took me here. It was a Sunday morning and the place was nearly empty. 

Something was wrong with their water...we could not drink it. We ordered soda waters and they tasted fine. But they charged for soda water (whaaaaaat?? I know) 
I ordered the smokestack and the soup of the day. The soup was extremely salty and the sandwich was this: lower bun , turkey, bacon, cheese, bun top. Zero effort to make a decent sandwich on their part. 

My friend had the salmon salad and said it was fine. My other friend had a grilled cheese and he couldn't eat it...he said it was too cheesy, which sounds like well duh you ordered a grilled cheese, but it was more the fact that it was just not well balanced so it just felt like biting a slab of melted cheese.

Bad, bad experience.
This happens to be my main joint, and for good reason.

First let me say that the eight 9' pool tables available for rent by the hour here are the best tables in Madison, bar none. They are frequently re-surfaced and kept in great condition, as are the house cues cleaned and maintaining on the regular. There is also an in house league here that includes a good number of stellar shots, they're a ton of fun to watch, play and learn from.

I agree the pool rates here are pricier than other venues. However if you're playing and finishing games at a reasonable rate, factoring in the excellent condition of these tables you're not really getting a better value paying per game on bar tables. Plus Sunday pool rates are a steal!

Atmosphere is top notch here, the decor and seating arrangements are mostly hardwood and very classy. The lighting complements this nicely too, I can dig it! There's also a beautiful area in the plaza outside of the bar where you can eat or have drinks as well.

The Brass Ring also excels at providing a great selection of craft beer taps, including at least one stout on tap served out of a bona fide stout faucet. Really, really solid move guys, stout fans appreciate your gesture more than you know.

Eats here are quite noteworthy also, I'm a big fan of the various chicken sandwiches and tenders here in particular. Their cheese curds are tasty, and best served with a side of cusabi sauce, something I actually discovered at this establishment. It has a Tzatziki sauce vibe with a good amount of wasabi flavor infused into it, a delightful mixture you should treat yourself to.

A prime place to eat, shoot pool, get your drink on and be merry, check out this spot!
The only Billiards Room in the USA with 12 Hermelin Billard Tables                   Carom 3C Carmbola 3S                                                                                                 Five Pin Italiana                                                                                                             Nine Pin Goriziana                                                                                                      Boccette Boccette                                                                                                         Billiards Room/Restaurant/Bar beers and wines                                                      3740 East Flamingo Road                                                                                             Las Vegas, NV 89121                                                                                            702  -990-0502                                                                                                                Fax 702-458-9900                                                                                                        Best.billiardslv@yahoo.com                                                                                        www.BestBilliardsLV.net                                                                                          Play.Eat.Drink!!!!
Where else can you get Bowling and Authentic Italian food at a Decent price? The private rooms look kick ass. They are open late and dont mind stragglers past closing time. The tables are even heated and they offer free Pool lessons. I hope they are a fixture for years to come.
Best billiards also has the best coffee and best sandwiches of any place  I've been to in Las Vegas. The owner makes his own blend from Italian coffee, and they have a wide selection of imported deli meats including three different kinds of sopressata.  I could spend all day there. I need to go back and try their pasta. It is really a hidden jewel. I hope more people don't find out about it. I say this as I write a yelp review.
Totally a hidden gem!

We found out about this place through a friend of a friend. The place seemed kind of shady at first (but we did come close to 3AM). It's in an older plaza, but it's open 24 hours!

It's very simple looking inside. There was only one group of people playing pool at the time. It's nice that they have pool here, but we were there to try the food!

We heard they had great tiramisu and coffee. Always a good combo at 3AM. =P The tiramisu was moist. It was super creamy but light at the same time. We found out after talking to the owner that the recipe for the tiramisu was his great great great grandmother's recipe! And the coffee beans are hand selected by the owner. His own special blend only made from the best beans!

The owner is a true Italian. A super nice guy! The food he serves is simple but truly authentic Italian! He gets his ingredients imported from Italy. Only the best! Who would have expected that from a 24 hour billiard place??

There was a late night pizza special. A whole pizza (with 8 slices) for only $10! I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try real, authentic Italian pizza! You can either get margherita or pepperoni. My group got half and half. 

Totally amazing pizza! The first thing you taste is the amazing tomato sauce. And of course, it's made fresh by the owner with tomatoes imported from Italy! Then there's the crust. Not too yeasty or too thick. It had a nice flavor to it. The toppings really pull everything together. I've never had pizza like that. So simple, but so good! I wanna bottle up that sauce and take it home!

I'm definitely coming back to next time I'm in Vegas to try the other food on the menu. This place should hold me over until I actually make it to Italy one day. =P
I don't think 5 stars do this splendid place justice. Great service, AMAZING food, perfect atmosphere. I could be biased do to my love of pool, but they get a million thumbs up for everything. Great pool tables here too. Taken care of very well. And on top of all that, there's no loud, annoying people, ruining a nice relaxing time. They are open 24/7 so you never have to worry about getting there just in time for them to close. Just possibly the best place in Las Vegas.
This place is cool but nobody who works there knows what the true rates are. We keep getting charged differently every time. Poor management obv...
Not a good hangout. Was asked to "keep it down" twice and also wash our hands after each slice before using pool cues. The place was dead. The owner didn't even have the guts to approach us until after he sent the waitress over twice.  I was with my MOTHER and her colleagues, not a rowdy drunk crowd.  Just laughing over drinks, pool, and pizza, but apparently that was not acceptable.

And the color scheme is hideous.
Best Billiards is a place to eat great Italian food. This business is in my old neighborhood and my brother stumbled into it on one of his nightly walks. When my brother first told me about it I have to admit I imagined something entirely different but after eating there I completely understand. I didn't actually play pool here (yet) but I'm told that the tables are all the best tables available and imported just like the ingredients of the very authentic Italian food. This makes sense to me because I've had this idea as well, a pool hall and make some really good food but my idea was just pizzas and sandwiches. Best Billiards takes this idea to a much higher level with some of the best pasta that I've had in any restaurant. But this isn't really a restaurant! You will have to keep telling yourself that while you're eating here. The pool tables and the 90" BIG screen will keep reminding you that you're in a pool hall but the food will make you think you're in Italy somewhere. My brother ordered for us, the wine, the soup and four different pasta dishes including the angriest Arrabiata that I've ever had. My brother told me that when my sister-in-law first ordered the Arrabiata that the owner tried to talk her out of it because it was too hot. She and all of us absolutely loved it. We will be back here every time we return home for a visit. Next time I will insist on playing some pool too! Just a note to the impatient, don't expect fast service here, you can't rush great food.
Best Billiards is my favorite spot in Las Vegas. Best Italian food outside of Italy, imported ingredients, perfectly al dente pasta, amazing sandwiches, equisite tray of appetizers. You can really feast here. The pool tables are outstanding with affordable rates, plus a chess board and wifi, perfect coffee, you could spend all day here. If I lived in Las Vegas, I would live there. The owner is awesome. He really takes care of you and makes you feel like family.  One thing is to wander the strip, another is to come here and feel like you're at the corner spot in some small town in Italy where everyone is friends.
I live around the corner from this place. It is a nice well kept clean pool room, probably the best in Vegas. The place is not super busy most of the time so its great for some practice, day rate is $8 from 10am-5pm with well kept Diamond tables and after 5pm its about $5 an hour. As for the food menu it is very good, authentic Italian food since the owner is from Italy, a bit pricey but its really great stuff. My only complaint is the portion size could be larger and for the money a salad should be included. Other then that its a great place and the day person who works there named Mary is a super nice lady who takes good care of her customers. The place has free WIFI, 80 inch TV, beer and wine. I highly recommend this room plus its non smoking which is a big plus in Las Vegas.
Best real AUTHENTIC food. Must try it at least once in your life. You will become a regular customer i promise
A great combination of pool hall and italian bistro.  The coffee was very good and I will be going back to try the tiramisu!
I always play pool at Mickey's, but I decided to give this place a shot. When I walked in, the owner came up to me and said, in a very mobster way, "ok you guys can play here, but two rules. Keep the noise down, and pull your pants up". I was offended. I don't sag my pants at all. I'm a 27 year old man, not a hipster. Never coming back again. This place is too uptight, and that pompus owner killed it for me. Always looking at us.