BEST MALL FOOD @AuntieAnnes Pretzels 

Hard to believe another 1st to Review!!?!!

Great pretzels, Cheap,filling and flavorful snack for on the go at any mall.

Don't forget to get a lemonade too.

I like them all but I tried the Sour Cream & Onion this time since I had a FREE coupon I won on Twitter.

Great Stuff but I still like the Pepperoni Pizza Pretzel & the Pretzel Dog.
Walking through the mall, sometimes you want one of those soft pretzels with dipping sauces they are serving up.

On this particular occasion, we ordered the sour cream and onion pretzel with the nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, and a pretzel dog.

I can't remember much else because within 15 minutes of finishing, I was in search of the ladies' room.  Stomach cramps, chills, and the sweats...ran to the toilet and out it went.  Bad cheese, perhaps?

(I do still visit other pretzel locations when I'm at the mall, this so happens to be the only time I visited this Auntie Anne's location.)
I love love love their huge unsalted (and cinnamon sugar) pillowy soft delicious pretzels. I am a big fan of soft (and hard, for that matter) pretzels- great snacks unless they have too much butter. I just don't like salt too much. Pretzels can be a healthy alternative to other mall choices provided it's not soaked in salt and butter. The other pretzel companies try to outdo Auntie Anne's but I really don't think that they can. Jeez, craving one as I am typing up my review. 

Participant in the Passport Booklet (free to AAA members or VIP Premium Outlets Members; get it at the customer service desk at the very front of the center). A few small tables in the middle of the aisle outside the store provided.
I didn't like the free samples and I should have just walked away. However, there isn't much for quick snacks at the Premium Outlets that you don't have to stand in a long line for. 

A pretzel and a pretzel dog later, my stomach wished I had just went else where. I guess it's not for everyone - and that everyone is me. 

If you disagree, that's ok - you can have them all for yourself
Over priced.
The food was good. I was just really annoyed with the customer service provided. The shift leader, Diamond, took long pauses during my transaction to speak to her friend that was in line behind me about some work drama. Apparently someone filed a complaint about her and she felt it was necessary to deal with that first.. People who conduct business like that shouldn't be in management positions..
The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
For some reason the pretzels here are not as good as the ones at other malls I've been to. Also since this location is in a busy outlet mall, there is always a line and sometimes the line is out the door. They have a pretzel stand location near parking garage B that has limited options but does not have a line. I would recommend going there if you just want a pretzel or lemonade and don't require a full menu of items
I love Auntie Anne's! Generally the pretzels are soft, delicious and crispy on the outside. I do have to say the pretzels are a bit too salty so hence the 4 stars. For a quick snack at the mall after a hard day of shopping, this is the perfect place.
I ordered a large diet coke with no ice. Cost $2.50. It was refreshingly bubbly and hit the spot.
After 4 hours of exploring and endless walks with my mom, our feet were starting to give in and what better way to relax than with a pretzel - an almond pretzel to be exact. Their prices are reasonable, pretzels were scrumptious and there are tables and chairs overlooking the runway right below just in case you decide to catch the fashion show - held every hour starting from 1pm-6pm every Sunday. Great place to stop by for a breather!
We ordered 2 pretzel dogs and they were delicious!  I normally add photos but after the first bite I couldn't stop eating it!  So sorry no picture today lol. I might have to go back tomorrow just so I can get a pic
I love this place. They've been in the mall since I first started. They are the only place in the mall, that a mall employee can get a large drink for $1.00. With tax, it comes out to $1.07.

I've had many variations of their pretzels... Each time I was more than satisfied! My favorite menu item is the Pretzel Dog. 

The one negative thing I have to say is, the opening crew needs to pay better attention to turning the lights on in time... There have been many times I've had to ask, "Are you open?"

For a quick snack at the mall, I'd definitely recommend this business. I will continue to do business with them, as long as I am in that mall.