This bare- bone market is a tiny slice of Eastern Europe in Phoenix.  Does your grocery list beg for an assortment of smoked fishes and/or canned pate (from turkey to pork)?  This is also where you can go when only Hungarian paprika will do.

Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy.
I love Yasha!

Ok, yeah, it doesn't have the same stuff (like produce) that a regular grocery store has, but it has so much other cool, interesting stuff, you should pop in sometime and explore! They have a bunch of deli stuff I really want to try... soon... soon...

...And don't forget about Yasha!  My friend and I walk in, slowly taking in the scene, wandering around picking up some fennel tea (turned out to be good!), some hazelnut chocolate crispy treats (we picked it out because of the funny picture of the squirrel on the box, but it turned out to also be tasty!), and then wandered aimlessly a bit more when Yasha himself comes up to us and takes over.

Picking up a basket he jovially directs us around the store, asking us what we like, showing us to the frozen foods, the breads, the wines- everywhere! He dubs us with his own names (I forget my friend's name, but I am now Mishka) and he asks us where we're from. When we say 'from here!' he says "No! You cannot be from here! Girls from Phoenix, they are dark, like me, see! You are *Russian* girls!"  I wish we had more time to be chatted up by Yasha, because it was great fun.

If you like tea, check out their awesomely beautiful tea set on display, and if you like toys, they have some great little tchotchkes  behind the register (I covet the off-model Simpsons Nesting Dolls still... my birthday is coming up soon, folks!).  Yasha makes a nice loaf of bread, and a fun little store to visit. Mishka says drop in!
i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs.
I recently went exploring this place and discovered some of the best potato salad (deli) that I've had in a very long time! Who knew Russian potato salad would rival our American classic?? 

Yasha rang up my order (yes, Yasha...the owner...from Russia...get it?) Very nice older dude. 

I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any, just ask for a sample. The cookies, also in deli case, were super slammin! Not a traditional cookie. These were rolled and filled w/ dried fruit or chocolate.  Yummmy!
Yasha is my hero.... 

Thank you Yasha, for importing all the foods i call "grandma foods." 

You can find more different kinds of Kasha here than imaginable. They have a huge assortment of dried and canned imported food. Yasha has a bakery area that has traditional Russian, Ukrainian and Polish breads. They carry wine, cooking oils, and even a section of middle eastern imports. 

My favorite sections of the store include the deli counter at the center of the store where you can find specialty baked goods, meats and sausages, salads, and other unique items. On my last trip there, I bought some Halvah, some beet and potato salad, and a piece of Russian candied fruit stollen that i rarely see in any market. 

My other favorite section is the freezer and refrigerated section. They keep frozen blini, blintzes of all kinds, imported cheeses, butter, cakes and dinner items. 

The star of the show is Yasha. He's quite a character. 

Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back.
Yasha's is a fun place to explore.  I was able to find some of the classic East European and Russian foods that I enjoyed throughout my life.  The smoke fish is quite a find including salmon, white fish and even sturgeon.  They do have salmon caviar, but only on occasion can you find Persian caviar from the Caspian Sea.

They also have a bakery and meats worth noting.  

The store also stocks some middle eastern cousine and holiday foods.

Try some of the home made salads for a treat.
I came in to get a selection of smoked fish to serve as appetizers for a holiday gathering.  I was absolutely overwhelmed by everything this little store stocks.  Blini, cheeses, sausages.  Beets.  How could they avoid beets?  Chocolates.  And something i haven't had in years. Kasha.

Rhymes with Yasha, who has a huge personality and runs this little empire.
I love love love this store!!! I go there whenever I feel kind of homesick (I grew up in Latvia) or when I want to get some Russian marinaded but not too salty pickles, just like my grandma used to make!

Great selection of all kind of Russian and European beers! I always have something special to bring when I go to an American party ;)

lots of Russian candy, sausages, pelmeni etc.
the only reason I give 4 stars, because it's hit and miss, sometimes they don't have some things, or black bread is not very fresh...
but what can one expect, it's highly specialized grocery store, it's not like tons of Russians live here and go there every day.

Overall I highly recommend it to anybody, if you are not brave enough to try Russian food, at least you can try Russian beer or some Moldovian or Georgian wine ;)

But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~
I went there few weeks ago, it wasn't bad at all. I like this little store, people are very friendly and helpful. They have all kinds of Russian food. I like their plemeni they're awesome. Love Russian beer too!!!
If you haven't been in the Russian store,  you have to check it. :) 

Definitely going back there.
I've been looking for a good and authentic Russian grocery store in Phoenix, for awhile now and Yasha from Russia is the best. I found spicy carrot salad from the deli and it was very close to how my family makes it. They have an awesome selection of fresh kielbasa as well as many other ethnic foods, both fresh and frrozen. The store is very clean and I was pleasantly surprised by how much they have in stock. i will definitely go back to Yasha from Russia.
What a fun and interesting place! Feels like a little visit to Russia!  They have a great deli and a wide variety of wonderful and unusual bakery items, including some fine Belgian chocolate.
Yes Yasha does import great Russian food, however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers, and has his son participate in this behavior as well. If you want great Russian food with out all the b.s head down to the store on 12th street.
I love this place and always stop here when I'm in the area. The smoked fish, sausages, and fresh made breads here are really awesome! Try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter, they are really good. I also love the smoked sturgeon and the excellent selection of salami they have here. The Russian salami is very good, if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar.
This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona.
This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section, we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back.
I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend!
After reading an article in the paper about finding Russian food in Phoenix during the Olympics, I had to visit the place. It turned out to be an excellent decision. 2 of my friends and I made the drive after a round of Disc Golf. We were hoping for a place that might offer sandwiches like many deli, but this is basically a grocery store with a wonderful meat and bakery counter. 
     We grabbed some 9 and 12 percent Russian beer for $2.49 each. WOW!  Some Gaiser's Fine Mother Goose, Pork, Chicken Liver, Veal spread that is out of this world good. A variety of baked cookies that I didn't share. Landsjager that was good, but had bigger pieces of fat in it that I prefer. It was tasty. I had a hard time walking out without purchasing more items, but decided to come back again in the future and wanted a reason to make the drive north.
     If you get the chance to go, you'll be very happy when you leave.

     They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!
The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.
If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
This is basically a large specialty market. It mainly carries Russian items but I also saw a lot of Moldavian, Armenian, Ukrainian, Polish, Romanian, Bulgarian, and Georgian items. 

This market has a hell of a lot to offer from boxes of chocolate to specialty beer to dried meats, a variety of cheeses, teas, coffees, honey, jam, cookies, liquors, you name it, I even saw toothpaste and medicine. 

I was glad to have found this place. I intend on trying the wide beer selection of dark malts as well as some of the ice cream and chocolates. 

In addition to carrying most everything, they have some traditional pieces in the back for your own home. Lovely store! I was even greeted in Russian right when I entered! 

Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)
This state street whole in the wall offers a vast array of two kinds of dumplings-meat or potato.  I get half-and-half.  Spicy or not, free bread, drink and sour cream for five dollars.  One thing, done well.
This great place is now under new ownership....don't patronize it, the original owner was forced out by his partner through some sort of shady business deal.  Very sad, and it was so good. 4 stars before, now only a 1.
Before the ownership scandal of 2005, Pel'meni would have received 5 stars. The dumplings are perfectly seasoned reasonably priced amazing morsels of goodness.  Back then you were allotted unlimited sour cream, a soda, and of course your 20 dumplings for $5.  The spicy dumplings were a bi or tri weekly meal for quite a while.  However now that the new owner has taken over, they now charge extra for soda,have unpredictable hours, sometimes just don't have potato dumplings, and (most insulting) I found a stray beef dumpling in my potato. Ack. I may never return.
Yes, the Pel'meni heyday has since passed, but it's still cheap, quick, and pretty tasty.
Pelmeni's Russian Dumplings are the best thing to come out of Russia since Gorbachov's birthmark.

From a foodways standpoint, this place is a goldmine of genuine cultural fusion:
Handmade RUSSIAN dumplings meets two dips (sour cream and the CHINESE-rooster hot sauce) with a dash of INDIAN curry powder on top.  Best of all, this is a invention of the folk, not some academic chef.

From a utilitarian standpoint, this place is bliss:
The simple ordering-style puts chipotle to shame.  Nothing but dumplings.  Here are your options:  potato/beef/half-half dumplings, spicy/notspicy half/full order.   All for $5/$7.  And you get a carbonated beverage too.  I recommend Squirt.

From an addicts standpoint, this place is dangerous:
I crave this stuff.  It's addictive.  Dumpling crack.
closed
i miss pelmeni
fortunately i left town
before they closed shop
$hit, this place was awesome back in 2004 when i was in school there.  $5 for an overloaded container of dumplings with hot sauce and sour cream.  I got to know the owner because i was always in there and he'd get me to the front of the long line every time.

One time i came by right after they closed and knocked on the window and he let me and my buddy in while they closed up.  He served us a huge portion and when they finished closing shop, he brought out a bottle of vodka shaped like a tommy gun and shared it with us.  

They had a sweet record collection too.  Sorry to hear they closed.
This place was amazing! Great "street food" and great price!  It was a very sad day when it closed for good.....
the discovery of this place in 2004 forever changed my tastebuds.  since it's closed now, i can finally review based on the store when it first opened and i fell in love with it, and not after the shady change in business owners where i boycotted the last year or so anyway.

$5 for delicious plates of dumplings, either beef or potato, either butter or spicy.  i always got spicy half and half (half potato, half beef), never with sour cream tho cuz i don't like the stuff.  just 1 extra dollar for a soda and it was among the cheapest, most filling dinners in town.  as a campus "safewalker," i stopped here nearly every night i worked for my dinner.

before they closed, i bought up several orders for freezing (which they let you do), and rationed them out for months after their closing.  they let me in on the secret for the spicy toppings.

~butter
~a little rice wine vinegar
~cilantro
~curry powder
~sriracha

top that with a piece of pumpernickel, and you have nothing short of pure magic.  5 years later i still have dreams about this place, and once even tried requesting a pel meni mold for my birthday (still waiting on one of those - HINT HINT people)!

when i moved to boston, i was thrilled to find a russian grocery store that had frozen pel meni.  tho i have tried both their packaged and their home-made varieties, nothing has come close to the madison gem.

original pel meni genious  - if you're reading, please PLEASE come to boston!  i will eat dinner at your store and bring throngs to this mecca - just please make this dream a reality!  i suppose i'd settle on just learning your pel meni recipe if nothing else...
Note, the original proprietor of this establishment, Paul has opened a new restaurant selling dumplings near State Street, check out http://www.yelp.com/biz/pauls-pelmeni-madison instead.
Eliseevsky on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur is an interesting place. Compact, warm, and cozy, it resembles a log cabin from the inside. The design is intentional as they've aimed for the look of a traditional Russian eating house. It is pure retro-kitsch, decorated with Russian relics and elements of the simple life from the Motherland. Waitresses are clad in old-fashioned dresses - very cute, but each one of the waitresses looked like they were expecting... Once you step outside, though, you'll be brought back to reality. The name, Eliseevsky comes from a famous store in St Petersburg in Russia.

The environment can be disorienting to some... Arriving up to the restaurant is a glass front exterior... you'd be expecting a modern restaurant environment... but you're greeted by a warmly lit, log cabin interior! It's AMAZiNG! 

The food is relatively inexpensive and usually good. I think they might claim the best borsch in town. Eliseevsky serves up a very solid bowl of borsch for $10.50 - topped by a light bread puff.

Before you even start ordering your meal, each member of your party will be presented with a (free) shot of vodka... my daughter, Kathy, received a Cranberry-flavored vodka. I received a HorseRadish Vodka - this vodka was more appropriate for your third or fourth shot, not the first. If I wanted to stay warm the rest of the evening, I would have brought my down parka. Did this reviewer say FREE? Complimentary? Gratis? However you want to term it... it's on the house! Whoo-eeee!

I also supplemented my drinking with an order of Kvass - a very mild, fermented, alcoholic beverage made from Rye.

For starters...

My Mom's Blini with Red Caviar - a plate with the ingredients to make your own Blini (crepe). More French style crepes rather than the Slavic variety consistency.

Siberian Pelmeni - Yum, yum, yum.

Entree -

Gourmet Duck - Duck filet with grilled oranges, apples with a cherry sauce. Very tasty.

Chicken Tabaka - Grilled marinated baby chicken with vegetables and garlic sauce.

Adding to the ambiance of the dinner was artifacts of Peter the Great along the walls of the restaurant, and a Russian variety shown on two big LCD TVs prerecorded on DVD.

Eliseevsky claims to produce Russian favorites that are the best in the United States, and the local food critics here tend to agree. Characteristics of Russian cooking are soups, black bread, pastries, caviar and fish dishes. The ambiance is pleasant, the decor unpretentious but homey and warm, and the service friendly and efficient - although the waitresses tend to be aloof until you warm up to them a bit. The waitresses are the REAL Russian variety with accents and everything... the waitress that waited on us came from the Ukraine. We had a lengthy conversation about the difference between Ukrainian food and Russian food.

Less than 10% filled @ 10pm - Customers all Russian.
This place is THE SHIT. seriously, no fuckin' around. The eastern bloc waitress was cold as ice but somehow the experience wouldn't have been the same if she was cheery. Plus she loosened up after we joked around w/ her a bit. She started us off with some house-infused vodka, raspberry for my female friend and horseradish for me (ok, horseradish vodka sounds disgusting, and it is definitely strange, but I was intrigued and delighted). 

We ordered the meat dumplings with sour cream, which were creamy and super delicious. Also the borscht...let me just say the borscht (beet soup) was the BEST i've ever had, and i've had a few borschties in my day. i've never seen it done like this before: served in a crock-type bowl, covered with bread that had been baked over the actual bowl, so that it looked like a giant muffin. i'm guessing they slathered it w/ dough then popped the puppy in the oven at 375. anyway, the waitress, lets call her natasha, cuts it open (so we can access the soup), then we tear off pieces of the doughy goodness to drop down into the steamy pink borscht. UN. BA. FUCKING. LIEVABLE. i'm going back and will try to figure out how i can make my home inside that bowl of borscht.

The entrees were decent, not as crazy good as the apps. We had beef stroganoff, which was creamy and a little too rich, but not bad. Also the duck, which was good but the sauce was a bit too sweet. we were too stuffed for desert.

i'm coming back soon.
Prior to coming to this restaurant, I hadn't eaten any serious russian dishes since leaving Russia back in '94 as a little kid. Needless to say, I may be somewhat biased as this does bring back a lot of nice memories from my childhood. 

The restaurant looks pretty insignificant from the outside. Inside, the place looks like a fancy log cabin. Its similar to a lot of the summer houses people have back in Russia. At night, they've got what appears to be Russian MTV playing on the flat screen TVs and an older guy that comes out to sing some songs on a small stage. He alternates with another lady. Throw in an occasional accordion and you're pretty much set as far as the entertainment is concerned. Occasionally some of the older guests will get up and start dancing in the open area right in front of the stage. Once things get going, they've got music playing nonstop and the atmosphere is pretty lively. I'd say at least 90% of the customers either are or with a Russian present, so it may be a little weird if you're one of the few loner Americans.

I haven't tried everything on the menu but some of the food is pretty rich and I can see how it wouldnt be for everyone. The kabobs and the fried potatoes are pretty straightforward but delicious.  Again, I remember making and eating these as a kid at bbq's in the summer. 

When you first sit down at the table, the waitress brings out a couple of complimentary shots. Horse radish vodka for the men and cranberry stuff for the women. The horseradish vodka is worth trying if only  to say that you've had it.  This isn't your girlfriends cosmo. Try it. If you hate it don't get it again. If you like it (I did and have had the pleasure of getting plastered off this stuff on several occasions), this is the only place I know where you can order it. Enjoy. Baltica, the Russian beer, is pretty good as well. I've had a hard time finding it in southern california so its always a treat ordering it in Vegas.

The only real complaint about this place is that you get typical Russian service. A lot of times it'll be slow as hell or you'll get some older russian lady talking to you with a straight face. Trying to get a smile out of her will be like hammering nails into the wall with your bare hand - Pointless and quite possibly unpleasant. 

That said, every time i'm in LV I try to make time to visit this place. For the atmosphere if for no other reason. I don't know how authentic everything on the menu is, but I absolutely recommend the place to anyone who wants to try Russian food.
Well.  It's a difficult one for me because I'm Russian myself so I may not be very ... how to put it right ... unbiased :)
I was planning my birthday and this time I really didn't feel like cooking myself at home, serving, cleaning up afterward and yada yada yada...
So this place was pretty much was on a top of my list for a party. Even though it may not be the cheapest (per person banquet cost) it turned out to be probably the best value. We had a huge amount of cold cuts and appetizers, little fondue things, humongous amount of main entree (I placed a special order this time) and then we had an excellent birthday cake.

As a bonus we enjoyed young woman playing accordion and then singer who was taking all of our special requests :) 

Thanks to everyone at Eliseevsky for making it a special night!
My favorite place! 
They serve vodka the horse radish to the guys and it's cranberry flavor for the girls. This is good vodka! But watch out at 4$ a shot you may go overboard(or that's just me!) 
The place is style of traditional Russian. They play nothing but russian music but it's modern. You may recognize T.A.T.U
My russian sucks so atleast I was able to order the duck. Which is the best ever. It is in a cherry sauce and each bite is better then the last. 
I've also had the pounded chicken with lemon and herbs. Which was good as well. And they don't skimp on the food. Don't go Mondays! They are closed! On Fridays they have usually music. If you want to see Russians get down then friday is your night.
Every time I convince a beautiful Russian woman to go out on a date with me I bring'em here, and we always have a great time.

the cusine is actually authentic, and the service is always prompt.  My broken Russian helps a bit I think (I try to pretend that they aren't laughing at me).

They serve a really good Borscht with an authentic bread cap, and the Shashlyk is to die for.

Get ready to drink as they often shove vodka on you for free.

Nasdarovia!!
It Seems that Eliseevsky is under new management, While the experience was not bad it does not come anywhere near the previous reviews. First off gone are the Horseradish  / cranberry flavored vodka shots. When I went Eliseevsky no longer had a license to server alcohol. 

Secondly the menu has been reduced by a fair amount. The menu on the website (which has not as of this posting been updated) speaks of caviar, veal, beef in sweet & sour sauce, Shashlik" (kebab) and many more all of which no longer exists. 
 I had the chicken Kiev  (butter filled); also sampled the borscht and my friend said the pork soup was good. The food was still good but none of it knocked me off my feet. 

The atmosphere seems to have remained largely unchanged. Still looks like a log cabin, modern Russian music plays in the background. Our server also performed a selection of Russian titles (not sure if he was lip syncing or not).  The service was a bit slow even with the restaurant being mostly empty. But I attribute that to a loss of the art of dining on my part.  I will probably go back and try another dish or two but buyer beware the price remains at about 12 -16 a dish. I believe this to be a bit steep for what you are getting.
This place is very off-the-beaten-track, I'm sure most people overlook it....I only came across it whilst searching online for somewhere 'different' to eat...and when I came across the review on the Phoenix New Times website(http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2005-02-10/dining/sultans-of-shish/), I knew this was it...

I only docked a star for the (extremely) sparse decor and atmosphere...this place could have been any other type of business with just a change of sign and omission of tables...

anyway, the food was great! my fiance ordered skewers of beef and lamb(I'm not too keen on lamb, but the beef was tender and succulent...very well spiced!)...I had a cucumber salad(diced, along with onions and parsley, and soaked in vinegar-lemon juice), which enchanted me so much that I created my own version at home and make it every time I feel like doing a bit of dicing(msg me for the recipe--it's a bit death-breathy and labor-intensive but delicious!)...

and, during dessert, I could see why Samarkand was voted 'Best Tea in Phoenix'...the black tea was easily the best I've ever had(besides a special brand of blue ginger tea I make a point to keep my cabinet stocked with)...it was strong and rich...absolutely incredible!

definitely make it a point to search this place out--it's worth the effort!
A friend of mine has been going on and on about this place!  So finally, he and I went to lunch there!  Like Mr. K, we were the only ones there for lunch.  The same thing happened, walked in and staff stopped talking, looked at us quizzically, smiled and ushered us to take a table.

My only other experience with "Russian" food was in Berkeley, and it was run by sophisticated Muscovites.  So having a family style Russian meal simply intrigued me in wondrous ways.  

It was obvious from the buzz and the extra elaborate decor that there was a party planned for later that evening.  The disco ball was adorned with navy blue satinized ribbons matched with silver Mylar.  I had to ask my friend if this was usual, and he said no...it's extraordinary.

Our suspicions were confirmed when we started ordering, "No we don't have.  no we don't have.  no we don't have.  We have big party."  Okay...so she suggested alternatives to what we initially wanted.  We ended up with cabbage salad, bean salad, borscht, bread, beef kebab, lamb kebab...oh the eggplant salad also.  We had a lot of food for two people!  The food was definitely home-y.

I would put this restaurant on my quarterly circulation, but I can't see myself visiting more frequently.  It's too out of the way for me.

My rec...go for lunch and have the lamb kebab and borscht, you'll be full for hours!
This is my first review on Yelp and Samarkand is the restaurant that inspired me to register and write my first review.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing. 

This restaurant was utterly disappointing and has set a new low point in my culinary experience.

I went in for lunch on a Monday with a friend.

We walked in to the restaurant to find it empty and decorated with "Happy 1st Birthday" banners.  We thought that they were closed for a private party and my friend suggested we should go somewhere else.. I should have listened.

After spending a minute or two shouting "hello", we were greeted with a nice lady who assured us they were open and sat us down on one of the many empty tables.  The place was clean, but had a "funky" smell to it.

Since we had never had Russian food we decided to be adventurous.  We ordered some home made fruit drink that did not agree with our palates, and sumsa (which is bread, filled with ground beef and onions) to start with.  We also ordered some bread (can't remember the name) to eat with our marinated lamb and marinated beef sheesh kabobs.

Fruit drink: Did not finish.  Not for us, not sweet, had an odd aftertaste.
Sumsa: Did not finish:  Tasted and smelled like the meat filling had gone rancid before cooking.
Bread: Majority consumed.  Tasteless, but edible.
Marinated Beef: Did not finish.  Tough, chewy and tasteless.
Marinated Lamb: Did not finish.  Chunks of fat on bone.  No meat to be seen.  Absolutely disgusting.

Needless to say, I will not be returning, or recommending this place to anyone.  I wish I could rate this place to zero stars, but Yelp does not allow for it.

NOTE: No one else came in to eat at the restaurant the entire time we were in it (peak lunch hour time).
For years I heard about borscht and pirozhki amongst other Russian and East European favorites. I always wondered what the hype was about borscht. The problem is that there aren't many Russian eateries in Phoenix (just this place and another up north, that I know of) so I never had the chance to try out this cuisine. Then a Russian friend told me about a Russian-Uzbeki place he heard about called Samarkand Restaurant and naturally I went, and he came along with me. We've actually been there twice already. 

Like Mr. K's review said, it's in a strip mall which sits directly across the street from another strip mall in which the Russian Market resides (I have reviewed the Russian Market too). We walked in and immediately got a whiff of some sort of soup (it was pelmeni soup, more on that later) and got an eye full of the nice decor (they did some decorating since Gina W's earlier review); mirrored walls with pictures of domed mosques, a chandelier, gold inlay adorned tile floors, fancy dishware set out on each table, and of course, traditional Uzbeki-Russian music playing overhead. Behind the counter there's a framed picture of Mike Tyson himself posing with with Svetlana and her husband at the restaurant. Apparantly Mike has a taste for more than just mutulated ears and he has stopped by a few times for a bite (no cheesy pun intended). We stepped forward and Svetlana greeted us, told us to take a seat, and handed us menus. The food is actually pretty good. This is what we ordered on our first and second visits: 
------------------------------ 
First visit: We weren't fully familiar with the menu, so Svetlana sat down and walked us through the menu. I got: 

**Borscht - The infamous borscht that I had heard so much about. It was pretty good; tasted similar to what I thought it would taste like. 

**Pirozhki - Small meat filled pies approximately the size of a dinner roll. You'll find these under the appetizer section as "Samsa", the Uzbek alternate name, but they'll know what you mean by pirozhki. My friend and myself loved these. We ate a couple of them. l recommend you get a couple of these, you won't regret it. Our second visit was mainly inspired by the pirozhki and lipioshka alone. 

**Lipioshka - A danish-like round bread served hot and fresh. We shared it, and much like Mr. K, we also really liked it and it's very filling. This bread comes with a tasty sauce that you dip the lipioshka into. It's much like salsa but with a greener/leafier taste. I recommend also getting the lipioshka along with the pirozhki. 

**My friend also got pelmeni soup and two marinated beef kebabs with a complimentary side of rice. 
----------------------------- 
Second visit: Like the first time, we asked for pirozhki and a lipioshka again. This time I decided to try the pelmeni soup and I came to find out that the whiff that you first get as you walk in is that of this soup. I really don't know why it smells like pelmeni, seeing as to how it's obviously not the only thing that's prepared there. Anyhow, the soup itself is simple but good. It's basically ravioli squares stuffed with beef in a broth with a sort of grass. Very filling. Again, my friend ordered some kebabs with rice and onions. 
----------------------------- 
Just like another reviewer said, you will be full for hours. We will be going back to Samarkand later on. (If you are wondering about price, my friend and myself spent $15-$17 each, both times there.) I recommend it because the food is good and filling and besides, how many other Russian-Uzbeki joints have you seen around town? None right? Then here you have the opportunity to experience a culinary rarity. And If a tough nail like Mike Tyson likes it, then you know it must be good. And besides, you wouldn't want to disagree with Mike's choice; we know what happens when someone has a disagreement with him. Just watch the news. It's not pretty.
I'm going to echo some of the other reviews on here. 

This restaurant is close by my office so I tried it for lunch, recently. Upon entering, the place looked deserted. The dining room is attractive, but seemed to be set up for a birthday party. It looks like it was remodeled recently. After making a bit of noise for about 3-4 minutes, a lady came out and seated us.

The woman was very friendly and did a good job making recommendations. The food took a while to arrive. The soups we had were great and so was the salad. We had some shish kabbabs (lamb, beef and sea-bass). The beef and sea bass was good, but the lamb had bits of bone and was fairly gristly. The rice was good for the first few bites and then I got a mouthful of slimey wierdness once I got through the top layer. If you ask for water, you get a bottle of Aquafina, which is fine, but unexpected.

While we were eating, another party showed up (that makes 2 groups total). Even though the place was almost empty, it took almost 10 minutes to get our check and another 5 to pay. This wait would have been expected in most parts of Eastern and Western Europe, unfortunately it can be a deal-breaker someone who has a limited time for lunch.

I hate to sound overly negative about Samarkand, because the people working there are actually quite nice and some of the food was good. I will keep it in my lunch rotation and see what happens in future visits.
It only took 10 minutes at lunch and already we had the sneaking suspicion that this was a great place. Clean, neat, friendly and oh, the food! Like so many places in Phoenix Samarkand is not a treat from the outside, but the food is out of this world. The 4 of us had the lunch special at the recommendation of the one of us who had been there before (Oksana) - and that was a great decision. The main entree was lamb chops cooked in a unique and special way with wonderful spicing, on a bed of precious sweet rice and vegetables, plus dumplings and Russian beer - we were in heaven. We'll be back and report more, but this is a keeper - highly recommended and worth the drive, near 19th Ave and Dunlap.
Sunday dinner never tasted so good.  We drive by all the time and eat next door at Las Glorias but had never tried Russian.  Lamb rib kabobs....need I say more.  Wow.  The Borscht was amazing, served with mayo on the side.  The tomato salad was refreshing and Peroshky, filled with lamb and a tomato relish topped the chart.  
Check out Russian in Phoenix.
great food!
The food here was good  when we went about 2:00 pm.  We were only customers there.  The Samarkand is a mom and pop place.  The wife tried to be helpful but her English was very limited.  Fortunately there was a young man, Jonathon, who was there from the Rabinite whose job it is to make sure everything is kosher.  He was a great help to us in ordering.  We got  a pickled salad of whole pickled tomatoes, and egg plant.  Then came some bread which cried for butter.  Little meat pies came next and were quite good with a tomato-based sauce, thicker than salsa but without the mexican pepper spice taste.  Next we had a skewer apiece of lamb and beef shishkabob on a base of wonderful rice w/ slices of raw onion.  Of course we had hot tea to go with it all.
Inside the restaurant, it was clean and nice.  Much better than you would think it would be from outside.  
Would have liked to see some sort of sauce to go on the shishkabob and rice.  Was good but a bit pricey but not terribly so. 
Jonathon wound up sitting at our table and talking to us during the meal (at our invitation).  We really enjoyed his company.  Thank you Jonathon for making our lunch into something special.
We'd go back again and try more and varied dishes.  Perhaps we'll find a saschlik (which they seem to call shihkabob) with a sauce.
All in all a very enjoyable meal.
This was possible the most laughably obscure dining experiences of my life. 
I wanted to like this place so much. 

If there was one food I could eat for the rest of my life, I would probaly choose borscht, and maybe lamb kebabs. This place has both, and desperate to flex my Russian language and culture muscles in Phoenix, I went into this restaurant on a Saturday afternoon to grab a menu to find the place completely empty. We left to go shopping and returned over two hours later to find this place still empty, but we sat down after the great reviews, and my over-powering love for Russian and Middle Eastern food. No one greeted us, and we stood in the doorway calling, "Hello?" at an increasing volume. After several minutes I wandered into the kitchen and asked if they are open, to the disgruntled and seemingly annoyed owners that said yes. 

The lady that I assume was the owner was very nice, she helped us navigate around the bread menu and recommended the Kompot, which was a little sweeter than I have experienced before, but was still decent. Her husband in the kitchen was yelling at her the entire time not fifteen feet from our table, and I never complain about ambience, but even this bothered me. 
The borscht came, which was large chunks of beets cut into thirds, and carots nearly whole boiled in water. I know I am used to the creamy Saint Petersburg borscht and this is more of an Uzbek restaurant, but it was so flavorless and disappointing I had to add table salt to the clear pink broth (and I really hate salt). The lamb was all gristle and fat, and the chicken was very dry. I asked the owner/our server if she had any sour cream for the borscht. She looked at me with a blank stare without saying anything, so I asked the same question in Russian, to which she stared at me as if I was a moron that asked her for a golden pony. She said no, and disappeared into the kitchen without a word.

Halfway through the meal a young woman came into the restaurant and started speaking frantically to me, in a language that was neither English or Russian. She grabs my arm and starts to corral me towards the kitchen (as I am still mid bite, chewing) and places what I think was a business card in my hand and yells at me pointing, to what I assume was a command to give it to the owner. After I swallow and get past my initial moment of absolute puzzlement of why I have to do this, I notify the owner that someone is looking for her, and walk back to my table, very confused. The owner screams at the girl until she runs out the door, and without pause or apology, refills our water glasses with a smile.

I will break from my story to address the decor in which everyone seems to be upset about. It was probably on of my favorite aspects of the dining experience. Blue ocean wallpapers and mirrors gave this small restaurant a unique and more open feel, and it felt distinctly like Uzbekistan. It was certaintly not a 5 star dining experience, so who expects the decor to match?

So after we paid and left, we mumbled with a confused laugh that the dining experience was...well, an experience, but I will probably not return. I reviewed this a few months late, so perhaps they have gotten their act together, or maybe just came on a very peculiar day? Nevertheless, I will probably not return and just make my own Russian food at home.
I do like exploring different Kosher restaurants around the country and they're usually okay. I went with a party of ten, so I expected the service to be a bit slower, which is fine. 

Our waitress was very nice and helpful. She let us taste all of the appetizers. I have to point out, the hummus was very good. 

The food was good, I had the lamb chops. The french fries were excellent.

The entire menu was very reasonably priced.

Overall, I'd give it four stars.
I am Russian so I love having a little bit of home right here in Arizona. Food and service are excellent!
I've stopped in twice during normal hours and was told they were currently not serving?!?! If third try is a charm, we may never know.
There is something about this Russian restaurant that always makes me feel like I'm having a homecooked meal.  You wouldn't guess based on the outward appearance, basically a storefront in the shopping center by the Copp's in Fitchburg, but this is really a top-notch restaurant.  I'd never really tried Russian cuisine other than the beef stroganoff that was my father's speciality and a couple of late-night stops at Pelmeni (RIP) before coming here with a friend last year.  He's part Polish descent and he kept saying how much the food reminded him of the meals his grandmother used to make when his family would visit Milwaukee years ago.  I'm not Russian or Polish and my two grandmothers' delicious meals were standard American fare, so I wasn't expecting to share his nostalgia.  But the food here has the unmistakeable quality of good comfort food that just feels like home.  

I set the bar pretty high on my first visit, trying the "Zarski" stuffed pork loin with a spring salad and buckwheat (kasha).  This coupled with several Baltika #6 Porters made for a very filling meal and a strong desire to return.  The next time I came with my father, who went for the beef stroganoff to see how it measured up to his own.  This entree comes without accompanying noodles like my father has always done, but the beef with sauce is so rich and thick it did not seem to require anything else.  My father really enjoyed this, and has subsequently ordered it every time since, but his real love was the kasha.  I went with the stuffed cabbage, which is a dish that I've never really loved before.  Arbat's has a something more, maybe the spice or the tomato sauce, that puts it over the threshold.  This turned out to be the perfect meal on cold March night, and I came away convinced that this was going to be a regular destination.

I've tried a decent amount of the menu to date, and I still put the stuffed pork loin with the kasha as my all-time favorite.  The pelmeni dumplings are delicious but it always seems like they're missing something without the spicy red sauce I used to get at Pelmeni on State.  The potato and cheese vareniki are really amazing, and the meatballs with mushroom sauce are pretty good themselves.  I'm personally a big fan of the Russian and Lithuanian beers that are served, but be careful because these are powerful - around 6 to 8% ABV - and come in big half-liter bottles.  There are only a couple of things that keep this place from being a no-doubt five star place.  The location does leave a bit to be desired for atmosphere, and the restrooms aren't even in the same place - you need to walk into the lobby of whatever is next door, and once the lights didn't even work.  Last winter we were seated next to the door, which led to cold blasts of February air every time someone came or went.  This didn't bother me as much as it did my mother, but it would be nice if they had some kind of curtain or something.  Also, there only seems to be one server every time I've been and on busy nights it can be a wait.  But these are minor trifles compared to the greatness of the food.  Whenever the winter seems to drag on forever or I just feel the need for something comforting, I'll make my way here.
Favorite was the Golubtsi: fantastic taste, and a generous size... and served with vodka... haha.  Also had the Kraut and Mushroom Vareniki, Siberian Pelmeni (dumplings), Beef Stroganoff, and Borsch.  The Borsch was amazing.  It was rich and beefy.  The dumplings were probably my least favorite.  They just sorta seemed like regular meatballs inside a ravioli-like wrapper.  But everything was pretty good anyway.  Except the Georgian wine.  Georgian wine should not be tried.  But definitely have Russian or Latvian beer!  Service was really good and they were playing some strange Russian/Soviet movie on TV too.  I think I'll go back some day and try some other things on their menu.
I used to cringe just thinking about borsch, but eating at Arbat changed everything. 

I was pretty leery of going to a Russian restaurant hidden in the far corner of a strip mall, but Arbat did not disappoint. We arrived around 5 on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting a table. Our waitress had a distinct Russian accent, which was a good way to start the night. She was friendly and helped answer our questions about the menu. Arbat is a small, but the atmosphere is pleasant. 

Everything I tasted was very good. The mushroom dumplings were my favorite--a flavorful filling inside a perfectly-cooked pasta pillow. The kraut and mushroom vareniki was little heartier but also very flavorful. The chicken stroganoff was very rich and the chicken was perfectly tender. The borsch was perfect balance of hearty and brothy. So flavorful and not too beet-potent. 

There is a wide selection of eastern European beers, wines, and of course vodka. We also tried the kvass, a fermented Russian soft drink made from rye. Similar to beer, but non-alcoholic and slightly sweeter.
Amazing amazing pelmeni and perogies. You must also have the honey crepe dessert. Very friendly.
Any place that has a vodka menu is a good place as far as I am concerned, plus there are direction on how to do shots...including the fact that you should repeat the procedure every few minutes.  Fantastic.
The mushroom pelmeni is absolutely amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to fill up on booze and sour cream-dipped delights.
Nasty, nasty, nasty food.  Worst expierence in quite awhile.
Please come back you guys were awesome!!
My fiancée and I have been craving Russian food for maybe three weeks now (I have no idea what started this, but there's no arguing with my stomach). We'd been to Eliseevsky, the previous restaurant in this location, several years ago; it was mostly unmemorable, and what memories did stick were not wholly positive.

We went last night around 8:00 pm. The place is not easy to find, even having been to this location before; it's in a tiny shopping center at the corner of Flamingo and Decatur, tucked into a corner with no visible signage. I really hope they put up a more visible indicator of some kind, because more people need to know about this place.

We entered the restaurant to find a giant party of 30 taking up most of the place (they were a school organization of some kind, we think). After a moment, the waiter greeted us and told us to take any table we'd like. He was back a few moments later with menus and a preemptive apology; he was the only waiter on duty and, clearly, there was a party of 30 sitting across the dining room. We started to worry--obviously, we are not this guy's big tip for the evening. This turned out to be unnecessary. Throughout the meal, our waiter was friendly and attentive. I would have been happy with out visit even if the food were not so good simply because of the service.

Even though we had a pretty good idea what we wanted to eat, he went through the menu with us, talking about which dishes were "very Russian" and making some suggestions. We ordered blinchiki to share ($7.95) and a couple of soft drinks. My fiancée ordered the beef stroganoff ($16.95) with buckwheat and I ordered the shashlik ($15.95). The waiter brought out some bread for us while we waited for our food.

Now, on to the food. The blinchiki gets you two crepes stuffed with either beef or mushroom, then lightly fried and dressed with sour cream. They were a little oily, but not unpleasantly so, as we were expecting that to some extent. The brightness of the sour cream nicely balanced the rich fatty beef. My fiancee has had blinchiki before and says they were much smaller and less oily, but she had these from a Russian home cook, not a restaurant. We agreed that they were delicious, in any case.

Next up were the entrees. The stroganoff was a delight--tiny pieces of beef and mushroom and onion stewed together until tender with a rich, sour cream-based sauce. This ain't no midwestern egg-noodle disaster, either (who ever thought that was a good idea?). The buckwheat was perfectly cooked and incredibly aromatic. The plate comes with a small side of vegetable, a red bell pepper salad with rosemary and (I think?) vinegar. The veggies were crisp and the combination, while unexpected, was delicious. The shashlik was tender and very well prepared, if a touch overcooked; however, I'd rather be safe than sorry when it comes to pork. This plate was replete with vegetables, from fresh tomato to boiled cabbage, shaved onion, cucumber, and stewed tomato. There was some of that red pepper salad, as well. 

We finished off the meal with a piece of "Praga" cake and a Turkish coffee, both excellent. The cake is firm and nutty, with a buttery rich frosting. They make it fresh in-house, as they do with all of their desserts. 

Looking at this review, I can't help but feel that I'm leaving something out, despite the length. However, it's a lot of words to say something very simple: I can't wait to go back.
I'll admit I don't know much about the "Russian Soul", but I do know about Russian hospitality. And this place has it in spades. 

I'm finishing off the remaining morsels leftover from the other night and recalling all the fabulous elements that make this place memorable. 

One of the main tenets that I work off of is that an ethnic restaurant be authentic to the culture and the foods. Once it goes Americanized, it quickly loses its' luster. And when we walked in, I admit to being baffled. Of course we were greeted amiably. Of course the atmosphere was a bit mind-boggling. Of course the pink walls had me flinching. 

But then I was quickly put at ease as the owner gave us the direct, but friendly explanation of the name and some of the reasons why the decor was so unique ( I'll leave you to discover for yourself these pieces of history and commerce ). Just suffice it to say that it all makes sense. 

A side note on the owner. I'm quite used to going to places where the owner snaps his fingers and has some lackey or another do his bidding. But here, the athletic and graceful owner is a one-man juggling crew. And ladies, he's not only charming but single. He even graciously overlooked many of my cultural faux pas, as my darling wife pointed out. More on those later. 

The menu is simple and offered in Cyrillic as well as English ( perhaps he was being generous in that my beardling resembles Lenin's, in a way ). But for all its' simplicity it begs one to try every item. 

We started with the Herring. Excellent. Fresh and lightly oiled, this never came out of a can. I think I still have the fork wounds were my otherwise calm wife and I did a fencing routine for every forkful. I could have eaten three or four of these and been very content. 

Here's where I committed my unpardonable sin. There was maybe a bite and a half full of potatoes left and when he asked if I'd like to finish them off, I passed, saying there was plenty of food coming. I saw him wince. And my wife discreetly pointed out that waste is not looked kindly upon. I was sheepishly awash with guilt. And vowed not to duplicate my crime.

The entrees were picture perfect displays often seen in tourist guides at Russian tour sites. I even snapped a few pictures which are available for your viewing. The Hungarian goulash was fork-cutting tender. The Liver was perfect: smooth and tasting of iron. It was generously portioned and served with Buckwheat. The only complaint was that the grilled onions weren't so plentiful to smother each bite appropriately. All the veggies were splayed like pickled flowers. I imagined a Babushka swaddled in Russian garb slaving over the kettles and stoves and pickling jars. 

A note on the pickling: all the items were fresh and crisp and not over-marinated as happens at places serving like fare. This is very important.

Also, order the Kvas. A non alcoholic wheated beverage that is like baby beer but chockfull of unfiltered goodness. His liquor license is pending, so bring your own potato vodka if you wish. 

Desert was a chocolate cake that was so layered and full of textures and levels that it would make a nun come. Enough said. Guys, use this as an aphrodisiac once you have enough vitamins in your system to keep up. 

We ordered the soup to go and ate it the next day. It was so full of cabbage and assorted vegetables and beautifully flavored broth we would have ordered a gallon jug if they sold it that way. This is food that will put meat on the bones and see you through many a cold winter. 

You might know me as somewhat of a curmudgeon, but I'm completely taken by the wholesomeness and charm of this place. My only spot of distraction was that the Russian music was quite enjoyable, but once a more American hint of top 40 hit the airwaves, the ambiance weakens quite a bit. So hint at how the the Russian themed music is a good thing to the owner and you'll not be distracted. 

I'm going to this place many times in the future. I just hope if gets the following it deserves. So if you want authentic Russian cuisine, then flock here before another shitty Americanized restaurant packs in the local yokels. And Do It Now, comrades! Do It Now!!

I'll post more pictures in the future. This place is already in my Vegas TopFive places to dine, and after only one visit. "nuff said. Go Eat well and healthy and authentic!

P.S. Go to TverskayaRestaurant.com for a menu and hours. Ask which foods are unique to them, which is the left side of the appetizers. You Will Not be disappointed.
Tverskaya is, hands down, the pinkest restaurant in Las Vegas. Holy shit, it is pink.  Pink curtains, hot pink walls. Pink.

I also suspect they have a Russian grandmother chained up in the kitchen, forced to endlessly chop cabbage, stew various meats and make borscht.  As a former Eastern European resident, I am very familiar with borscht, i.e. beet soup, and Tverskaya's wonderful version is packed with cabbage, potatoes, and chunks of beets. Great for a cold, Las Vegas day (hypothetical).  They also serve some tasty Vareniki, similar to pierogi. My boyfriend ordered some with cottage cheese (which is more like a sweet, smooth farmer's cheese) and he scarfed them all down.

My Hungarian Goulash entree included all the Slavic classics: mashed potatoes (amazingly not dry), tangy red cabbage salad, and slow-cooked chunks of pork topped in a brown gravy.  It was all tender, delicious, and very homestyle.  I washed it all down with Kvas, a yeasty drink that tastes like really, really yeasty beer mixed with apple juice.  The menu advertised it as non-alcoholic but I've always known Kvas as low-alcohol.  So, any recovering alcoholics or seven-year-olds may want to steer clear.

Which leads me to my biggest criticism of Tverskaya: they don't serve alcohol.  Now, I'm not a lush or anything, but I thought that was really strange.  Russian food without beer or vodka?  Unfathomable.  

They do, however, let you bring in your own alcohol, so, grab a six pack, a Restaurant.com coupon (it's expensive) and check out Tverskaya!
My spouse and I tried this place on our last trip to Las Vegas since we had never had Russian food before. While I have no idea if this place is authentic or not, boy is it delicious!

We ordered the blinchiki and the golubtsy as appetizers, and split the shashlik entree. Everything was extremely yummy! I was particularly impressed by the golubtsy (cabbage rolls stuffed with meat...I have never had cabbage that tasted this good!) and the sauce that comes with the shashlik. Also, there is a delicious herb butter that comes with the bread. My spouse ordered the kvass to drink, which he describes as a bread cola. Although it was interesting, it really wasn't my thing, but he liked it and would order it again.

We topped off the meal with the crepes, which were amazing! They were filled with all different kinds of fruit and topped with ice cream! The dish was huge and could easily have been split between four people.

Finally, the servers were very friendly and talkative. One of them even gave us show recommendations.

Overall, I was extremely impressed! I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant the next time I visit Las Vegas!
This is the BEST Russian food in VEGAS!!!

My husband and I stumbled upon this resaurant one night, as it is a little tucked away in the plaza off the street, but well worth it.

Vasily our waitor, was so very friendly, had a plethera of info about Russia and the dishes on the menu, made wonderfull suggestions, and even offered us a sample of a signiture drink. 

We ate so many wonderful things, left so satisfied, prices were reasonable, and we even returned once again before leaving Vegas.

Highly reccomended is the Golubtsy - cabbage rolls, so creamy and full of flavor, absolutely delicious! Also the Beef Stroganoff was amazing. The bread (buckwheat I think?) they served at the table was unique and delicious. To blance the heavier dishes was lovely cabbage salad and very pretty garnish, it was a class act all the way, and a delight for all of the senses.

If you have never had Russian food before, you cannot get any better than this. Go hungry and try something new, everything was absolutely devine.

Cannot wait to go back again when we are in Vegas.
We tried this restaurant when we were in Las Vegas.  We had a group of eight.   The service here is great, very attentive and friendly.

I had the chicken kiev which was crisp on the outside and juicy on the outside.  I had a cranberry cabbage salad that came with it which to me wasn't very flavorful, I would have preferred the red cabbage that others had.  

Other members of our group ordered the pork, which was kind of dry.  The steak was good.  I had the mashed potatoes with my dinner instead of fries but I wish I would have ordered the fries.  They were home made, flavorful and delicious.

We had the cabbage rolls, herring and vegetable plate.   
Others in the group loved the cabbage rolls, me, not so much.  The herring was outstanding,  fresh and not too oily.  I was going to order the salmon but our server suggested the herring and I'm glad I took her advice.  The vegetable plate was displayed  beautifully   and everything on it was fresh.   The desserts were great as well

Overall, the food was good , the service was excellent and the price was very reasonable.

The only downside to our visit is that when we exited we were accosted by a man who asked one of our party members "to borrow 50 cents" .  It was a very unpleasant experience and I rwon't go into furhter details, but there is a liquor store in the same plaza and there were quite a few people loitering outside.
Pleased to have finally found a good Russian restaurant in Las Vegas!  Came here after discovering that they were on restaurant.com, and had no problem getting a place during a dinner break at the World Series of Poker.

My date and I split the pelmeni and cheese vareniki appetizers and the viennese schnitzel main dish.  All were delicious, and we were stuffed upon leaving, having only paid $20 after tax and tip and the restaurant.com GC.

Our server was a very friendly guy, too, who may have been the owner?  Either way, definitely recommend this joint!
We went back so soon because this place has two of the best dishes we have so far this year. The Herring is mouthwateringly good ( I know, I made up a word ) and the potato dumplings are simply simple works of art. 

This place had better get the patronage is so deserves, because it has food that satifes, and generates, cravings. This is my find of the year and I'm always throwing it out there for a restaurant suggestion when I talk food. The Foodie in me wants this place to succeed, only for the selfish reason that I may come back as often as I like.

So Go there already!!!
This place is very hard to find. 

It's in the corner of one of those ugly Vegas strip malls (isn't every restaurant off the strip in one of those malls?), but I kind of got a kick out of that. It's like a secret restaurant. I felt like I belonged to the Russian mafia.

But once you find it, you'll be glad you did. The food is staggeringly good.

The waiter told us that the goulash, the beef stroganoff and the chicken kiev we ordered wouldn't be like any we'd ever had, because this restaurant was authentic. He was very right. They were all different than what I expected, but they were all delicious and memorable. The goulash was particulary stunning.

Prices are very fair. They have no liquor license (strange for Russians, who are not exactly tea-totalers) but they allow you to bring in liquid refreshment for a very small fee.

This isn't "PF Krushchev's"...this is the real deal.
My husband and I tried this restaurant last night and I must admit I was not disappointed.  The waiter was friendly and helpful and the food was amazing.  My husband had the goulash which was just delicious and I had the chicken kiev which was the best I had ever had.  The little potato dumplings that came with the kiev simply melted in the mouth.  The plates were stunning and colorful with different slaws and fresh vegetables.  Service was a little slower than what we are used to but patience is rewarded with an amazing dinner.  We will definately be going back.
I went to Tverskaya for the first time last Sunday.  We had a party of six and we tried several appetizers, salads and entrees.  I was impressed with all of the food.  

We started with the Herring, Herring garnished with dill and served with butter and boiled potatoes, the Boyarsky Platter, Roast beef, tongue and buzhenina (roast ham) served with horseradish, the Stolichniy/Olivier, Chopped chicken and cooked vegetables mixed with mayonnaise and spices, the Borsch, Red beets, cabbage, potatoes, meat and a dollop of sour cream garnished with dill, the cucumber salad, Sliced cucumbers tossed in house dressing and chopped dill and the tomato salad, Sliced tomatoes tossed in house dressing, parsley and garnished with crumbled feta cheese.  All of which were well cooked with good quality ingredients and very tasty.  

For entrees we had, Chicken Kiev, Beef Stroganoff, Shasklik, Viennese Schnitzel, Hungarian Goulash, & the Langyet Steak.  All of which were fresh and flavorful.  The Stroganoff was a particular favorite of mine.  We'll definitely be back!
This was my first taste of Russian food and with nightmare visions of hamburger helper beef stroganoff influencing me, I was nervous about about what I might taste. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by Tverskaya. I was thrilled. 24 hours later, I am still thrilled. In fact, I'm in love and can't wait to go back. 

For appetizers, we had Beef Blinchiki, which are perfect crepes filled with flavorful beef and drizzled with sour cream. We also had the Vereniki, magic dumplings filled with magic potatoes and magic onions that made the world seem like a much nicer place.

My husband had the Chicken Kiev, and it was delicious and buttery with a hint of dill. The "home style" potatoes and onions were crispy, salty, sweet, and tangy all at the same time. I had the Mushroom Blinchiki as an entree, and the chef gave me a side of buckwheat. The mushrooms were amazing and the buckwheat surprised me because it was so fragrant and almost floral. It tasted almost like a slightly hoppy beer. I also sampled the beef stroganoff, which was at least one million times better than any American style stroganoff I've ever had. 

Dessert was decadent. We had Praga cake, which was a dense and moist chocolate layer cake with a rich ganache. The Napoleon, a flaky and nutty pastry, was also very good and a bit like a non-sticky baklava. The dessert crepes were highly addictive and each one had a different mix of fillings - apples, berries, raspberries, pears, peaches, nutella. Oh, and on the side of the crepes, a dollop of pretty pink homemade cherry ice cream. 

Our service was great. The waiter was attentive and funny. We were also able to bring our own beer without any corkage fee. The level of food we had did not match the low cost. The chef paid attention to every detail and each dish felt like a present. The food has seemingly simple ingredients, but the flavors are complex, and layered, and all-around awesome. It was so much fun to eat here. I will definitely be back, probably before the month is out.
I'm mad now.

We've been to Tverskaya three times now, and the food has been excellent each time. The prices are reasonable. On our most recent visit, my fiance and i treated our friends to dinner (see Crystal V.'s review). However, we used a restaurant.com gift certificate, and apparently this was a mistake.

Near the end of our meal, our waiter informed us that the mandatory 18% gratuity specified on the gift certificate went directly to restaurant.com instead of the waiter's pocket. In fact, he further explained that this was how restaurant.com was able to offer such steep discounts on their certificates. I conferred with my fiancee, and we both understood this statement to mean that the waiter would be receiving no gratuity unless we left extra. Naturally, we left extra - another $25 on top of the 18%. We received good service and had a lovely meal, so why not?

Everything was fine until we got home and my fiancee sent off an email to restaurant.com, who promptly informed us that the waiter receives every penny of the 18% mandatory gratuity. 

In other words, we just left our waiter a 38% tip because he lied to us.

Frankly, I feel a little violated. We have never been shy about tipping, and we were already intending to leave a few extra bucks to make up the difference (we normally calculate 20% and then round up). It is a shame, because I truly enjoy their food and I had a wonderful evening dining with friends. But I can't shake the feeling of being lied to, of being scammed. If you do go to Tverskaya, don't bring a restaurant.com certificate. If you do bring a certificate, be aware that the 18% is going to the waiter, not the website.

After this, I'm not sure I'll be going back. There are plenty of other restaurants in town that value my business enough not to try and scam me.
Very delicious food!

I've been here twice already and both times I've had a great experience. Russian food, surprisingly, tastes very familiar (though I am of Filipino and Japanese background). Our Restaurant.com certificate was a great help when it came to paying the bill. But I wouldn't mind paying in full because I am THAT impressed by their food. I am obsessed with those pickled salad they serve with the entree. The desserts, according to my bf, aren't their forte but their appetizers and main dishes are definitely rave-worthy. 

This place needs more attention. I would be SO devastated if they closed down because of slow business :(
What a pleasant, pleasant experience this was!  I have never had authentic Russian food before, so I may not have a good baseline for comparison... but damn is this place good!  Let's begin, shall we?

We started with the steamed beef tongue.  It was cold, so be brave... it's worth it.  The meat was so soft and delicate, and thinly sliced.  It came with a horseradish that was just amazing.  We also tried the Golubtsy, which is a cabbage roll with pork and beef.  The cabbage was perfectly prepared, and even as someone who doesn't really like cabbage, it was delicious!  To drink I tried a Kvas.  as a craft beer drinker, I quite enjoyed this malty, bready fermented (non-alcoholic) beverage.  I ordered the Shashlik, which was a skewered beef dish.  It came with a marinara-like sauce that was very unique.  It was more tart than an Italian marinara.  I shared my friend's dishes as well, and all were just delicious.  

If you haven't tried real, authentic Russian food, you have to give this place a try.  I don't think you will be disappointed.  The service is very professional, and our waiter was quite enthusiastic about sharing authentic Russian food with us.  The cook is trained in Moscow, and is definitely a gourmet chef.  I gotta give it up for this spot.  I can't wait to go back!
This was our first time trying Russian food and it did not disappoint.  
We started with golubtsy and for the entree I had stroganoff and my husband had the Hungarian goulash with homestyle potatoes. We shared the praga cake for desert which was a chocolate lovers dream. The food was presented beautifully, can't wait to go back and try more!
I just had my birthday dinner here and it was great.  I ordered the vareniki (dumplings stuffed with mashed potatoes and covered in caramelized onions, garlic butter and sour cream) and the chicken tabaka (marinated cornish gamehen - spatchcocked grilled, juicy and delicious).  Everything was very authentic. 

The service was great too.  My friends had never tried Russian food before and the waiter explained the entrees and made some recommendations.  At the end of the meal, everyone's plates were clean so obviously they liked it too.

This place is a hard to find, hole in the wall but worth the search.  It's easier to see the sign for the Jerusalem Grill next door.
The address lead us to Festival Russian Restaurant. We looked at the sign "seat yourself," walked in and there was no one working. Waited for good 5 minutes, not a soul walked out from the back to greet us. We left. Based on others' reviews sounds like the food is great, but did I have to go back there myself and make it?
Great service and excellent food. Pelminis are so good, everything was perfectly spiced and the texture was spot on. Great cooks here. We had the goulash and chicken Tabaka. Chicken had perfect crust , moisture and seasoning. The goulash was a perfect mix of aromatic seasonings that complimented each other perfectly. We also loved the cabbage salads, mine had this awesome citrus note to it that was something unique. The mors (wild berry drink) was extremely refreshing and not too sweet with lots of berry flavor. The waiter/owner was super nice and made us feel really welcome. If you have the chance, come here!
Hubby and I were in the neighborhood, so it was time to finally try Russian cuisine... errr... food.  This place is hard to find, since the writing on the door doesn't stand out from the picture behind it.  Just go to the corner of the shopping center, where the overhang is, and look on the right wall for their door.

The interior decor is.. well... tacky.  Cutouts adorn the walls, the tv was on AMC but muted, and there was modern Russian music playing from a radio somewhere.  The booths have huge backs but they're otherwise quite open, and the color scheme is a mix of red and hot pink. 

Our waitress was fine.. our sodas arrived and she got them wrong, but we didn't make an issue of it - $2.50 for a can of pop.  If I paid $30 for a 12-pack, I'd be furious.. but apparently they have a bad restaurant buyer ;)

We started with Golubtsy, cabbage rolls stuffed with meat and spices, and those were good.  You get 3, which is difficult to share between two people, but once again.. we made it work for us.  We ordered the cucumber and tomato salads, which are actually large quantities of cold side dishes rather than actual salads.  The cucumber salad was covered in dill and an oil that was rather off-tasting.  It definitely helped when we added salt to it.  The tomato salad was rather bland, more flavor came from the feta cheese than from the actual tomatoes, but I won't hold that one against them.

Hubby ordered Borsch, because he's always wanted to try it, and I sampled it also.  He liked it a bit more than I did, same as with the Golubtsy, which is good because you get a huge bowl of the soup.

Our entrees arrived.. he had the pork Shashlik and I got the Chicken Kiev.. they forgot the sauce for his entree and we had to wait a while to get that, but the meat was tasty on its own.  The Chicken Kiev, however, was... boring.  Overbreaded, it was slicing into a rock (and they don't give you a serrated knife, which would be helpful - instead they warn you about possible burns from spurting hot butter).  It was bland, with virtually no flavor whatsoever.  The best part of the meal was the "fries" that came with it - julienne strips of potato with dill and an addictive oily sauce.  Hubby tasted his mashed potatoes that came with his Shashlik and that was the only bite he ate of them.. but he kept stealing potatoes from my plate.

With tip, we paid about $85 for a meal for two that wasn't worth half that.

Overall description.. tacky, boring, bland.
First, let me preface by saying that I grew up in Ukraine and know what Russian cuisine should be like. This place delivered to my expectations. The food is better than most Russian restaurants I have been to in West Hollywood. 

I came here with a friend on a Saturday night and found the place empty as others have mentioned. However, we were quickly attended to and service was excellent. 

Between the two uf us, we had: 
kvas (fermented bread drink) - Homemade, legit, 5 stars
mors (fruit/berry non-alc coctail) - Very refreshing, not too sweet, 5 stars
olivier (potato+chicken salad extraordinaire) - Done the right way with chicken, 5 stars 
pelmeni (beef dumplings) - Solid specimen, 4 stars
borcht (beat based soup) - Excellent specimen, 5 stars
chicken tabaka (Cornish game hen) - Great seasoning, 4.5 stars 
Slice of napoleon cake to go - Ate the next day, 4 stars
The bill was $59 pre-tip. This is pretty good for a Russian restaurant. 

The food was all homemade, so were the drinks and napoleon. Overall this is a solid Russian place with, yes, a tacky decor and not enough patrons (which is unfortunate). I suggest sharing a few appetizers and main dish (family style) to make the most of a "true" russian culinary experience.

If you have never tried Russian cuisine, I highly recommend that you do. But, understand that it is not supposed to have tons of spices, it is more ingredient based. It may be percieved as bland if comparing it to Indian, Asian, etc...The food is hearty and homemade.
Tverskaya is a great restaurant with some authentic Russian food.  The owner came out and welcomed us, and was very friendly.  The waitress was very nice and provided excellent service.  We will definitely be back!
OK, I've never had Russian food before, even though I grew up in a multi-ethnic (slum) in the New York City area.  I didn't know what to expect, but according to the other reviews, this was good in Vegas.  We had early reservations on a Friday night, but until halfway through our meal, we were the only customers.  One waitress on, very pleasant and helpful.  I agree it was both hard to find and tacky inside.  Our group eats out together quite often, so we had the opportunity to try many of the dishes on the menu.  In the appetizer section we had the tongue (tender but bland), the Pickled Platter (Ok, but nothing to write home about), and the Blinchiki (filled with ground beef-OK, but a bit bland).  Entrees included Chicken Kiev (tough and dry chicken, but the potatoes were good), Hungarian Goulash (tender pork, but light on the spices), Viennese Schnitzel
(never had it with pork, but pretty darn good), and the Chicken Tabaka (Hands down the best dish we shared-chicken tender and well seasoned, not at all overdone).

I may have been too kind with the three stars, but since I know little about Russian food, and some here who know Russian food have reviewed this place highly, I decided to go with it. For me, I doubt I'll return, but for those of you who want to samplae a culture you are unfamiliar with, it's a good, easy way to ease in.
Dinner last night, we ordered goulash, golubtsy, pelmeni, borsch, and a pickle platter (cucumber, tomato, mushroom, and cabbage and even a little pickled onion). Home-made kvas and wild berry juice to drink and the chocolate cake for dessert! Everything was delicious, just the right amount of food, and wonderfully presented with care! The waitress said they often have large parties of Russians and that it's a real party atmosphere, plus they get occasional visiting musicians (no set schedule, you should call when you are in town to see if there are any prerformances coming up during your stay.) She also said they are working to get their liquor license; I am so looking forward to that!
Great customer service.  The food is definitely interesting and tasty (all of it is very heavy though, so come hungry).  I personally enjoyed the Golubtsy and Neopolitan Cake out of everything we tried.  My entree was the beef stroganoff which was delicious with the small pieces of bread that come as an appetizer.  Drinks are sold by the can.  Definitely worth trying out!
Had dinner here again for Valentines Day. I was a little surprised (but happy) to see it as busy as it was considering they don't have a liquor license. The fact that they don't offer alcohol was not a big deal to us since we seldom ever order acohol in a restaurant. I feel guilty paying sometimes 4 times the cost of a bottle of wine and often nix the idea with the thought that I will just open a bottle when we get home.  I do believe though that if you do want wine with your dinner and you bring in your own bottle that is ok.

We ordered the Julien to start, I had the Stroganoff and my husband had the Langyet Steak. The service was friendly, but very slow. I don't mind waiting longer for an excellent dinner though and that is exactly what we recieved. The bread and garlic butter kept up satisfied while we waited and was so delicious I had to restrain myself when the waitress offered to get us some more. Both of our dinners were flavorful and delicious. The portion size is good. Not overwhelming but I still had some to take home.

They did have live entertainment (violinist) that night  for Valentine's Day. The owner was very excited about this and offered us another drink to stay and listen. We did stay for a couple of songs and were touched because he seemed to definately be going out of his way to make sure everyone enjoyed their evening as much as possible.
Finally got a chance to get some tasty Russian food and I was not disappointed. I had the veraniki, which is like a ravioli but filled with potato and covered with sauteed onions and sour cream, the Olivier salad, essentially a chicken salad but with chunks of chicken, the tverskaya shrimp, absolutely delish and the Beef Stroganoff which was also absolutely delicious.
Saturday night, 8:30 p.m.  One couple is seated at one of the banquettes.  That's it.  But that's what I read in the Yelp reviews, and it's a damned shame.  I just don't understand why there aren't more people eating at this restaurant, and how they've managed to stay open so long with so few diners and no liquor license.

This was our first visit, and it was good.  Oh, sure, there's a disco ball in the middle of the ceiling, and a stage covered up with black, gauzy fabric, with Christmas tinsel and icicle lights dangling.  The piped-in music was a bit tinny, and the TV was on, albeit with the sound off, but just above our heads, so I could see for certain that Cynthia McFadden is indeed the daughter of Kathryn Hepburn and Spencer Tracy.  And the big cardboard cutouts of maybe tango dancers? decorating the walls, along with unintelligible Russian signs - well, intelligible to Russians, but this is a Ukrainian restaurant.

The room is ringed with comfortable banquettes upholstered in a slightly Southwest pattern (Southwest Ukraine?), and the floor is beautiful - large tiles in an inlaid wood pattern that almost had me fooled.  There's a bit too much light for it to be romantic - the room could benefit from less of it, with sine candles on the tables for ambience sake.  

But all this is secondary to the main reason for being here:  the food.  It's delicious.  We took the advice of one reviewer and shared two hot entrees, the Pelmeni and the potato Vareniki, and both were tasty.  The sauteed, caramelized onions were spectacular with the potato filling of the Vareniki.  Then we shared the Beef Stroganoff, which was garnished with a cabbage and carrot slaw (no mayo), sliced tomatoes and cucumbers, and seasoned fried potatoes (they were a bit too salty, and I'd ask for them to leave the extra salt off next time, but that's just me).

The waitress was a young woman who's been here since the age of 12, so her English was flawless, and the service was excellent.  She brought us each a taste of the  unusual Kvas, the Russian drink made from fermented bread.  It's non-alcoholic and is sort of beer-like, but doesn't taste like beer.  It was okay, but this is the rare Vegas restaurant that has no liquor license, and we were forewarned from the other reviews, so we'd brought a bottle of wine with us. The wine was more enticing than the Kvas, so we didn't feel the need to order it.

All three dishes exceeded our yearly quota of sour cream, so we were too full and too over-cholesteroled to think of ordering dessert, so we quit after the Stroganoff.

I cut my teeth on Russian cuisine in the many Russian Night Clubs in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, where the tables groan under the weight of the appetizers alone, and a bottle of vodka graces each table.  Tverskaya couldn't be further from that scene.  But a great meal at a great price is waiting to be discovered by Las Vegas, and I hope they do.
I went there on a Thursday night around 7:30PM and my boyfriend and I were the only patrons there for a while and I should have taken that as a hint since the place next door had a line stretching outside.

Overall Tverskaya was alright... Not impressed but not deterred either.
The other reviews are right. I walked in on a Saturday night, and only one table was occupied. I can't help but think that this business is a front. 
It looks like a restaurant that can easily transform to a night club.
The food is decent, a bit bland, but passable. I think this place could use some liveliness, but again, something tells me this place wants to go unnoticed.
FYI: The waitress moves like a ninja. She could be behind you right now!
Russian food rules ;)
I love the Kvas .... well I am Russian and they don't serve hard liquor but I can live with this. I usually visit the Russian restaurants in West Hollywood and they have ok food. I love this place as they have great above medium taste food. Service is pretty good and I am sure they pay attention to what people say in their reviews here, so it is just improving every time I've been there. It seems not too busy when I've been there but I guess for Vegas this is typical situation. Most people there are visiting from somewhere and it is a bit pricey for Vegas standards. Hope they continue improving as it will be a shame to have such a good food stay unnoticed. Another problem is that Russian food is not that much flavorful as French or other cosines and it might be bland to some people but I can assure you it is not the case as simply some people are not used to traditional Russian food ;)
Everything was awesome. Cabbage rolls, creamy mushrooms, goulash, stroganoff, chicken kiev and crazy Russian non-alcoholic fermented beverage. I plan on going back whenever I'm in Vegas.
Everything I had here kicked ass and i'd absolutely come back here again.

The Food:
Vareniki - dumplings stuffed with potatoes - very tasty
Crepes with mushrooms - if you're not a fan of crepes then this may be an odd combination but its actually quite good.
Borscht - i dont ever remember it being this good in russia so i don't know if they took some artistic liberties here or if its really just been that long for me. This soup rocks. Comes out in a perfect sized bowl. The vegetarian gf loved it too till she bit into a chunk of meat. ^_^

Beef Shashlik (tried the pork too but beef is better) - cooked perfectly and not overseasoned. The pork shashlik was a bit chewy and more fatty so I liked the beef better. The plate doesn't come with potatoes or starch so if you just want to get your serving of protein, the beef shashlik may be the best choice.

We got a piece of the napoleon cake which apparently they make on the premises which is putting way more effort into it than I thought they needed to. Its a nice touch regardless. It was good. Not really my cup of tea but the dessert lovers would probably enjoy it.

Thats it for the actual food. Their menu is only 2 pages long but its actually full of russian dishes. There are maybe 10 different entrees and tons of appetizers. They don't serve alcohol but will let you bring your own so keep that in mind in case you're driving around with a six pack in the trunk and need some booze with your meal.

Also, somethign unusual for russian restaurants - they actually plate their food well and it comes out looking nice. Not just slopped on the plate into a big mountain of stuff. Definitely above average in that department. 

The service was friendly and to the point. Typical for a russian restaurat..maybe moe friendly than average but we don't really come in to chat up the staff so thats just fine with us.

Otherwise it was all good. Oh and the place was empty other than our table which is very very odd because the food is much better than you would think judging by the number of customers. Hopefully their business picks up.
Took us a while to get around to trying this place, but I am glad we finally did.  I am not Russian, but I love almost anything that is Russian.  I just completed an MA degree in International Relations--my coursework focused  mostly on Russia and Ukraine--so what better way to celebrate this honor than to go to a Russian restaurant? I was not disappointed and I don't think you will be either if like Russian/Eastern European food.

The service was extraordinary, first of all.  Yes, I read some of the comments about the decor, and I can see why some posted some comments on it.  However, to me, it was very Russian and appropriate, so it wasn't that odd for me.  You come to a restaurant to eat, don't you?

And, they will feed you. The portion sizes are generous.  We had the following for appetizers: the summer platter (lots of fresh veggies, feta cheese and olives) and borscht (beet soup). The borscht was awesome!

My husband had the Hungarian goulash and I had the beef stroganoff.  The stroganoff was nice, tender and creamy.  Yum.  My husband reported the goulash was good as well.  We finished the meal with a shared made-in-the restaurant-daily Neapolitan dessert and Turkish coffee.  For two iced teas, two appetizers, two entrees, a dessert and 2 Turkish coffees, we did not break more than $65.  And, we were stuffed too!

We will be back!
I was really looking forward to trying this place ...

As others have said the decor is ... lacking.

The food is also ... lacking.

We had a party of about 10.  We were the only people there and yet they set our table up in an L shape which made absolutely no sense.  People ending up sitting with their backs to each other and half of us couldn't even tell who else was at the table.  

The service was lacking for the most part too.  The staff was very nice just not particularly attentive ... and as I said ... we were the only people there ...

I got chicken kiev which I hoped would be good but turned out to look (and taste) exactly like the frozen ones I buy at Smiths, so that was really disappointing.  

I think everyone in our group said the food was average.  I don't think anyone had a bad meal but it just wasn't what we were expecting.
I'm vegan and they had an amazing cucumber salad, bourch, buckwheat - cooked to perfection, and these dumplings with mashed patato inside and caramelized onions on top. They can make everything with oil instead of butter. This food was the best in vegas!
Oh, where to begin on this? How about I break it down by the good and the bad.

The Good:
The food I had was mostly delicious. The Stroganoff was so full of flavor. Very heavy on the garlic with tender beef and mashed potatoes. No noodles here. There was even a side of tomato slices and cucumber slices. I was brought a basket of crusty bread and butter. Very good also. Also on the side of good was the service. Excellent is actually a better word to describe the service. The hostess/waitress was very friendly and attentive. She was asking me about my experience (or lack of) with Russian food. She took the time to explain and describe the food to me. She asked me how I liked the Stroganoff compared to traditional American style. Dessert was insane. I ordered a Napolean. It was so rich and sweet, and made in house. It was refreshing how I was treated here. 

The Bad:
I ordered iced tea and received something different. I'm not really sure what it was. It was sweet and taste a little bit like old beer. I was told it was a classic Russian drink.  The mistake was corrected when realized it was made. The borscht was unremarkable. It was not bad but it taste much like a soup I made at home not long ago. I expected something a little more stand out.

The Other:
So neither good or bad, the decor. It is a small and simple place that feels much like a cafe. It is dimmly lit with a disco ball in the middle and a small stage up front. It looks like they have an open mic night or some kind of Russian entertainment. In fact, there was Russian pop music playing from an unseen speaker.

Overall, I am impressed and pleasently surprised. If it wasn't for the higher price tag I would like to go back. Luckily for this night I had a great deal from Groupon ;)
This place is great. The food is good and a true Russian atmosphere. Lots of traditional Russian food choices. This isn't a fast food place, so the food takes some time to make but they make it all from scratch. It is not warmed up from a can! If your looking for great food, definitely come here. The service is great, and the waitress was very polite and made sure we were satisfied.
I heard they went out of biz and we were VERY disappointed....I took our Russian relatives who really know that cuisine and they could not get over how wonderful it is and the service was just as great....I hope seeing these recent reviews means it is still open for biz.
We arrived here having taken a cab from the strip and I can safely say that it was one of the best meals we've had in Vegas. Food was great and such a refreshing change from the overpriced food on the strip. Our waitress was awesome and suggested 'Jewel of Russia' infusion to us and we nearly drank half the bottle it was so good. We will definitely be going there again.
Visiting from SF, CA.  Had a great dinner there and they in fact do serve alcohol.  I tried the Matroska vodka.  Came in a Matroska shaped bottle!  Cute.  I only had a shot, but it was very tasty.  They apparently have live entertainment there as well.

I rated the restaurant based on its food and it's service.  As others have said, the atmosphere is a little off.  You can seat yourself if you do not immediately see the waitress ;)   She'll eventually pop out of the kitchen.
I was part of a party of six on a Saturday night at 7pm.  

First of all the place is hard to find because there is really bad signage in the shopping center as a whole.  it is tucked away in the corner of the strip mall.

Once inside the service was friendly and attentive for the most part.  The place was not crowded, we were only 1 of four tables that were occupied the entire evening.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and each had a good flavor and were unique.  The breads they served were I assume traditionally russian and offered us something new but not memorable.

I enjoyed the entree's the most with the goulash and cornish game hen being done well.

What distracted us the most was at 8pm the entertainment began, a lovely woman singing to recorded music.  She has a nice voice but in a small place with few patrons the signing was too loud and obtrusive.  We were there to visit with our table and when the singing started we could not hear each other.  We asked our waitress if the sound could be softened and we saw her go the singer but if she made any change it was not apparent.  The relief came when she took her break.

Overall it was a fair experience and I guess if you now authentic russian cuisine maybe you would have appreciated it more.

The decor is really outdated.
Have been here 3 times and the food is amazing and the beer and vodka do the trick to say the least. The live music is fantastic too.
This place is amazing. I haven't had Russian food this good since I was in that part of the world--and I've tried several places. It's the kind of place you KNOW each dish is prepared with the utmost detail in mind--every vegetable fresh as can be, everything cooked with utmost care, and then carefully arranged like a beautiful display on the plate. If this place was on the strip, they could outshine half the restaurants. And their prices would be TOTALLY reasonable. As it is, being tucked away in a shopping center, their prices are a little high. If you go in knowing you're going to spend $20 per person for a meal totally WORTH $20 per person, then you'll be charmed and delighted, as I have been the last three times I've come this month!
I had low expectations since I initially confused this restaurant with another Russian restaurant that closed years ago. Whereas the other Russian restaurant had a more upscale interior with mediocre food, this restaurant was the exact opposite: the interior at Tverskaya is a bit drab, but the food and service are shockingly GOOD. So good, we spent three hours dining. So good, we plan on going back next week. So good, I placed a copy of the receipt in our family 'memory box.' 

I rarely order dessert, but felt compelled to order the fruit filled crêpes. BEST crêpes I have EVER eaten bar none. The vereniki and salad didn't disappoint either. Service: impeccable. Ambiance: relaxed, friendly. Prices: I would have paid double (well, not quite double, but suffice it to say we got a great deal). 

Can't wait to go back. Thank you Tverskaya for getting it right and making Vegas proud.
I have been here a few times and have always liked both the food and service.  The food is so good that it is difficult to avoid ordering more than I know I can eat in one sitting; I always have to try different dishes.
Tasty and unique food with nice service and live entertainment!
Great Russian food in Las Vegas! Hard to find real Russian cuisine, not the typical flashy Las Vegas strip limited menu over expensive under flavored tourist restaurant. This place has great home cooking food and a great variety on the menu. And a cozy romantic atmosphere too.
Waiter served me a cold meal left over from a party being held there.  Absolutely horrible experience.
If you are into waiting two hours for a limited menu of mediocre Russian food that is non--vegetarian and non--Kosher friendly, this is your place. Add to that no liquor license and lousy service, and you have the ingredients to a perfect ruined evening.
Outstanding and authentic Easter European food!  My wife is Russian and this reminds her of her mother's cooking!  Great meat and potatoes in the Russian tradition, with dozens of salads to boot!
Americanized Russian food with no alcohol, atmosphere is bland, and service was only okay
When you going to autenting restaurant you need to now how to order food right way but also need to now how final dish should test,  issue I have it is consistence unfortunately after several visits same dish was great one time and poorly prepare  another  and it is largest issue for restaurant, otherwise very dissent  Russian and central Asian cuisine
Very nice restaurant.Good food and good service. The kebab was wonderful.Thank you guys.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We stopped in to pick up some lunch.  There were alot of Russian food items in addition to the traditional "american food" as it was described by the waitress.

I tried a gyro and my wife had a philly cheese steak.    

Everythng was prepared well.  Next time we will have some of the Russian dumplings and borch.

There is an open stage for music.  We will have to return on Saturday night when they have live  music.
Super great people and food !! Love the Lagman and Pelmeni!! I had my daughter with me and they were great with her!
Evertime we've come here its been slow in the restaurant, but not with service... They've always treated us quickly and friendly. They actually made us feel like one of their family Evertime we've been here. Awesome food for the price point. We usually have the chicken and or beef gyros... Very good, fresh & hot. A lot of flavor as well... 

Very clean and kept up restaurant. The bathrooms are neat, clean & orderly. I just can't get over the fact that this place isn't packed all the time? We absolutely love this lil hidden gem...  Try it, u won't be disappointed!
I'm giving a 5 for service.  I actually stopped by the outside after going to the Dollar Tree to check out their menu.  A very nice woman came out and talked to me about the food and place, saying it's good and healthy.

I told her we lived in the SE valley in Gilbert and that it was far.  I was only here with my husband for his interview and I would ask him if he wanted to come here for lunch when I go pick him up. She told me they have lunch specials until 3 pm.

I convinced my husband to come after his interview to eat here, as I love this type of food and they also had Russian food.  When we got there, there was only one table of people, then us.  A little after we got there, there was another couple that came.

So the restaurant wasn't busy and if there was a lunch rush, it was over because it was probably 2:30 pm.  My husband ordered a Beef Gyro pita and I ordered a Beef Shwarma.  

This is where it was a bit strange.  It took awhile to get the food and it did not come in a manner we expected.  Oh, we ordered off the lunch menu, so for $7.99, you got a can of soda (we chose Pepsi), lentil soup, and either a salad or fries.  So, not a bad deal and reasonably priced.  I did want to try some Russian food, but that would have been too much food to eat for just the two of us.

So my husband's Beef Gyro Pita comes out first.  Odd that the soup & salad didn't come out.  We waited and after awhile, she brought my salad.  The pita came in a basket, but it was definitely too big to eat by hand and we asked for a large dinner plate to put the pita on and my husband ate with a fork & knife.  The tzatziki sauce for the gyro was a lot and very heavy, creamy, not something I am used to.  Could have had less sauce and a little more meat.  The meat did taste good, though.

So I ate the salad while my husband started to eat his gyro.  Then the lentil soup came out and my husband liked that because it reminded him of Colombia.  He liked that soup better than the Chinese soups.  Okay.  But, the soup wasn't really hot, which would have been nice rather than somewhat cooled.

My husband and I pushed aside our food to have the soup, then continued with the salad and gyro afterwards.  Then we waited for awhile and by this time, I'm sure it was more than a half an hour that we placed the order that my Beef Schwarma came out.  It wasn't a lot of meat, more vegetables, like my husband's gyro.  There was a lot of garlic sauce on it, which was fine.  The pita that I had seemed like it was hard and not soft like my husband's.  

I tried to eat it like a pita sandwich, but the pita literally broke.  It didn't tear ,but broke.  This means they either heated it up too much and left it to sit and get hard or they didn't heat it at all.  The meat was very tough, like they used the toughest cut of meat, like the chuck part.  I had to chew so much and there were a couple pieces that were just not palatable.

I don't know if the lunch rush got all the good beef, but I was kind of not real happy that the pita broke, the sauce ran all over my hands and I used a lot of napkins to clean my hands, and that the meat was incredibly tough.  

The fries came when I was part way through my schwarma.  The fries were good and the touch of dill made them flavorful.  These looked homemade and were delish.

So, service I give a 5 star, but the food, I give a 3 star.   If we're in the area, we might give it another try.  I love going to family owned businesses when I can and maybe the cook was on break or who knows what happened.
I got home ready to make dinner but my husband was hungry and suggested we try this nearby locally owned spot.  I was game since I worked all day!

We are greeted and told we could sit wherever we are comfortable. The ambiance has an A for effort with nice heavy padded chairs and drapes trying to camouflage the strip mall door. 

We started with the medium (perfect for 2) spicy hummous for $3.99.  It comes out with a warm lightly lightly toasted "pita" cut into wedges and a saucer of hummus with oil and cucumbers.  The spicy is a subtle slow approach and really delicious.  I really was craving wine at this point.

We ordered a Greek salad and a dinner salad cane with our chicken tawook entree.

The salads were light and simple with red onion tomato lettuce and cucumbers.  The fresh dill was nice and you can tell the chef takes pride but the uniform thinly sliced veggies.  I could eat this salad endlessly.  The Greek salad had several pepperccinni and a dusting of feta.

The chicken was delicious with a nice flavorful and not necessarily spicy seasoning.  The garlic sauce was a nice compliment as well as the dill rice.

We finished with baklava which she brought out several beautiful options so we could choose.  Most were $1.49 and the large wheels for $1.98.  We tried two yummy balanced nutty bites that were crisp and not too sweet.

Five stars for the flavors and homemade appeal.  Our service was professional and authentic.  Will be back soon!!
Well... It was dead. The waitress and the chef were sitting in the dark dining area and just talking to each other when we walked in. It was my husbands idea that we should try "my kind" of food, since I'm from the Balkans and we have some similarities with the Russians (Russian/Ukranians own the place). So we got in and the waitress welcomed us and turned on the TV, lots of Turkish music for some reason... Oh and those lights that you find in a club, it was really awful for that peaceful atmosphere.

The waitress was really nice and polite, we didn't needed any explanation with the menu since it was nicely explained and plus I understand most of the language. I ordered the Potato Variniki (basically boiled ravioli with potato stuffing) and they were half empty, guessed they leaked out. But the ones we did get, they were pretty bland but nothing s&p won't fix. Also my side salad for the entree got first to our table, before the app. Our fries (which were also sides to our entrees) also arrived before the main dish. I had the Shish Kabob, chopped pieces of lamb on a giant skewer, which was ridiculouslly huge and looked dangerous, It tasted pretty okay, I got 10 pieces total and it was $15.99... The husband had a lamb sandwich, which was loaded with the same lamb meat, tomatoes, lettuce and lots of tzatziki and it was only $4.99... So I guess I screwed up there :D oh and they too...

Iced tea with no ice... Which meant freshly brewed and not cooled and then poured over the ice. 

They do have delivery in the near area, so I guess we'll order next time. ;)
A dedicated Russian dumpling place?! Yes!! Paul is back on State St and the dumplings are too. For those who are fans, he stopped selling them at the EVP Coffee shop and has brought these delicious starchy treats back to State St.

They are the same dumplings we all have enjoyed over the last couple of years. Meat or potato filled, covered in melted butter, cilantro, and curry powered. You can choose to have them spicy or not. Paul uses a special blend of Sirracha and vinegar to the spicy sauce. Enjoy them with a side of sour cream!

If you haven't tried them, you absolutely need to!

Like them on Facebook for exclusive deals: https://www.facebook.com/PaulsPelmeni
Great little place.  They only do little dumplings but they do them well.  Great for a lunch or after some partying.  Seating is available but limited by the small space.  

Only thing missing for those who recall the old State St. location is the vinyl records to chose from, otherwise its great to have them back downtown.
Solid. 

This was my first experience with Russian dumplings, and I have to say--they were pretty good! Paul's is a tiny, no-frills place that churns out these little things like nobody's business.

For $4.50, you can get a small. $6.50 gets you a mix. You've got a choice of potato, beef, or mix. You can even get "the works" on them--butter, cilantro, sriracha and curry powder. I got the works. It was good, but I needed the sour cream to balance out the heat.

Overall, though? Quite tasty. It's like a cross between gnocchi filled with things and perogies. I enjoyed it. This place has "drunk food" written all over it, but they're only open until 9pm!

My advice? Extend your weekend hours to 1, 2am. It'll go a long way with business!
I studied abroad in St. Petersburg, Russia for eight months last year and seeing how pelmeni are Russia's answer to pasta I got to know them pretttty well. I went into Paul's with high expectations (I've been hearing people rave about the old spot on State St. for years) and was impressed. I chatted with Jen at the counter who explained how Paul had learned how to make the little dumplings from a fisherman in Alaska and used to ship them frozen to the old place on State. They developed a special combination of flavors (cilantro?!? hot sauce?!? CURRY?!) which has made its mark and is around for good. 

Jen explained that they use about 75% local ingredients including Black Earth meats, local potatoes, locally produced flour. I got mine without butter and sour cream which made it SPICY. My friend said that the dairy in hers balanced it out a bit. It's a good deal for a hearty meal made with local ingredients and I think my Russian babushka  would agree they taste pretty damn authentic.
Just as good as the original State St location from back in the day.

Mixed dumpings, full order, with the works. Welcome back Pel'meni!
Yes! I am so glad Pelmeni is back! My first experience was at the old State Street location while taking Russian language at UW, which really starter my love for dumplings!

Went for the full mixed (potato and beef) order for lunch, with the works (curry powder, sweet chili sauce, cilantro, sour cream). Such a comforting, deliciously warm dish. I love the way the flavors work together-- hot chili and cooling sour cream, warm curry and fresh cilantro!

I work a few blocks away and I imagine I'll be back frequently in the winter. It's the perfect dish to fill you up and keep you warm!
This opening was a little bittersweet for me.  Sad that the dumplings are no longer down the street from my house in Fitchburg, but happy that they have returned to their rightful place on State Street. 

The dumplings are just as tasty as ever.  Go for the full order of mixed meat and potato with the spicy sauce and an extra side of sour cream.  And then come back for dinner for another order.

The new place has a different more modern feel than the old hole in the wall.  Can't say whether this is good or bad - all I know is that I would sit in a cardboard box on the corner and eat them if I had to.
I stopped into the location they used to hold over on State St. during my sophomore year of college and while the condition of their shop was a bit questionable at the time, I remember the food being delicious. My college kid self should've been a bit more concerned with the large chunks of insolation falling out of the roof but I was young, naive and ready to accept the notion that maybe they were just going for a hip "industrial" look.

The new location just off of State on Gorham is simple, clean and bright. I went during lunch and the line definitely picked up after we arrived. Trendsetters much? I dove in for the large portion of mixed dumplings (half potato and half beef) with "The Works" to top 'em. Curry, cilantro, butter, sour cream, hot sauce and what not were perfect compliments and I left with that perfect full but not too full feeling. Definitely pass up AJ Bombers next door and opt for Pel'meni instead. They impressed me and they didn't even have to shoot off a ceiling rocket of peanuts to do so.
My meal at Paul's Pel'meni was my first time sampling Russian dumplings and I'm glad that I did! I shared a full order of the mixed dumplings with my friend and we both left the restaurant nice and full! 

The next time I return to Paul's, I plan to order only the meat dumplings; both types were good, but the meat ones were so juicy and flavorful that my dining companion and I found ourselves racing each other to finish the most of the meat dumplings. They are so yummy! 

The dumplings at Paul's are made even tastier by the wonderfully balanced condiments that top them; I especially loved the hot sauce.

These dumplings are definitely worth a try when you are downtown!
My (abbreviated) guide to happiness:

1)  Order the half and half (while the beef filled are better than the potato, they go great together)

2) Be sure to order them with "the works". Who knew this mixture of curry, cilantro, sweet chili sauce, and a side of sour cream could taste this good?

3)  When you get to the table, grab the delicious hot sauce bottle and give a couple of squeezes.  Eat

4)  Leave happy
There are tons of different varieties of dumpling depending what country your speaking of. When I first heard a dumpling place was opening. I wasn't to thrilled. I've had all the different Asian kinds and some. Potato dumplings? Really...sound yummy.......yeah right. Who are we kidding.

Well I was wrong once I saw pictures & heard they come with hot sauce & curry powder! Big lover of both here but more for the first. I had to get ASAP.

They didn't disappoint. I got the half order of the Mix with the works. The filling of both the meat and potato are dense. Not minced, loose filling in other kinds of dumplings. Also smaller in size. The side of sour cream was the icing on the cake. Bring everything together. The hot sauce was not hot at all, but I'm speaking for myself who can eat ghost peppers.

Can eat then in the shop or get them to go and walk State St. The place was clean, employee was welcoming and the food came out in a timing matter with how busy they were. Can only imagine how much more busy it will be since its only the beginning. Hopefully this isn't a hype and stands strong.
Oh, yes.

Little pillow plops of delicious. I love the combination of spices. I've been twice now to get more of the potato ones, and each time they were great.

The people behind the counter: friendly, on top of things, and great.

The only thing is maybe the ambiance? It feels a little open/sparse. But, whatev, because of the food!
My first experience was with the Original Pel'meni's in Madison. Ever since I walked in I have loved these dumplings. 

The food has been classed up. organic and Locally-sourced ingredients. it's a bit more pricey than the 5 dollars I paid in 2006., but the food is better. 

I order them with the works. The chili sauce isn't super spicey, and the sour cream helps cut the heat. The only thing missing is the rye bread, which they are working on. 

I was advised that they aren't as good when delivered or carried out, and that is partially true. the fresh dumplings tend to clump when they cool. This doesn't make them tasted any worse, mind, but it just means they have to have more seating.

Finally, they aren't open late like their original location. How am I supposed to get my drunk dumpling on?
My college days predate the first iteration of Paul's Pel'meni, but my sister attended school here some years after I moved to Minneapolis and raved about the Russian dumplings they served. I never made it there before it went away.

Three years ago, I moved back to Madison and by the grace of all things holy in this here universe, Paul's Pel'meni is also back. It's a simple thing, really. Who knew?  Make some pillow-like noodles, fill them with potatoes or locally raised beef, steam them just right and garnish them with flavors one never knew could work so well together -- curry, cilantro, sour cream -- holy hell, this is heaven!

Having a clean place with a friendly staff is never overrated, either. The place was spotless, and that includes the restroom. How many places on or around the corner from State can claim that?
This place is awesome. The food is. UNBELIEVABLY addictive. I just went there on Tuesday, and I want to have some dumplings again!!

Pel'meni is small and kind of hidden away. It actually shares the entrance with the art shop on Gorham, Artist and Craftmans Supply. It's so quiet when we visited at 7pm on Tuesday I thought this was gonna be a terrible experience... There were only a few booths and small tables. Kinda like an abandoned restaurant to be honest.

But hey, we were there, we were hungry, so we ordered the only thing on the menu. ONE order of MIXED meat/potatoes dumplings with THE WORKS (mentioned in other reviews with butter, siracha, cilantro, CURRY POWDER). It took maybe 5 minutes and our meal was out. I was like, hmmph, this is not gonna be enough for my tummy. So there I go, chomping away, and to my surprise, the half order was good enough for me. SO GOODDddDDDDdddddDDDDD. I love how the little things have burst of meat or potatoes in them. And the sauce is really AMAZING. I can't get the flavor out of my head. geez. I would say though, the potatoes are good for filling you up, and meat is THE THING. you have to get some before they're all gone!!! 

I'll definitely come by and grab a to-go of the dumplings, but on the other hand, the dumplings are so tasty I probably wanna have them RIGHT AWAY that I would brave sitting in the kinda lonely and spacious shop. Don't get me wrong, it's very clean and there's alot of space... but it's kinda weird eating in a lonely shop sometimes. In short, GET THE DUMPLINGS. NOW. by hook or by crook.
I came here after a friend suggested it.  The employee was very friendly, knowledgable and answered all of our questions.  Food came out quickly, and was tasty.  I got a full order of the ground beef dumplings.  While I am not a fan of spicy food, I found that the "WORKS" were not overly spicy and all the flavors blended well together.  The dumplings themselves are small, but the full portion is very generous and I was very full at the end.  I plan on being a repeat customer.
Finally, I had to see what all the hype was about. Came with a group of friends, plenty of seating for larger parties (at least at 8pm).

Menu is simple - potato, meat, or both dumplings. Sauces = all or some. Interesting take on eastern European cuisine - dumplings with the curry and sriracha. They were tasty, would definitely return. A side dish option would have been a nice addition to the menu. I understand that they're keeping it simple, but maybe some greens with a light citrus vinaigrette to balance out the richness and spice.
I don't know if it's the pregnancy or if it's just truly that addicting but all I want to eat after eating here is more Pel'meni. 

Perfect dumplings just the way I remember them, in a slightly cleaner and more comfortable location.  What more can one ask for.  It's affordable, it's filling, it's quick and it's delicious.  I was one happy lady.

I say ordering the combo of potato and beef is a requirement but the potato are really good so don't skip out on those.  Personally, I think there is no better way than with the "works", butter, curry, hot sauce, cilantro and sour cream.

I love the simplicity.  Keep it up!
I finally got to try the famous dumplings! Having heard from some friends who love this place and read very good reviews on Yelp, I eventually bought this Russian dumpling. It was one bad day for me as I just had to pay a lot for my new macbook battery but the dumplings had really made my day! The dumpling is tiny but tasty. I usually have Chinese dumpling but this one tastes different. If you happen to be in the downtown, this place deserves your attention! The owner is easy to talk to. And the good news is that I live so close so I know I will be their regular :)
I'm so happy that Pel'meni is back, and it's much the same style it always was.

Cash only, but super affordable.  

You can get meat, potato or a combo of dumplings.  In terms of toppings, you can go traditional with just sour cream, or go crazy and get curry and sriracha. 

So authentic, as good if not better than my Russian host mom's!
I love this place. I was so sad when they closed the state st location, but now it's better than ever! I could eat here once a day. I only wished I still lived in Madison so I could!
I didn't want to give 2 stars ("meh I've experienced better") because I've never had this type of dumpling before. There was nothing bad about them, but they're not something I'm in a hurry to eat again. A little bland and felt like a brick in my stomach.

The person who took my order was super nice and very helpful. Answered all of my questions without making me feel like I was being a pain.
I can now understand why people describe Paul's Pel'menis as "little bites of heaven." As cliched as it sounds, these tiny Russian dumplings were truly delicious and filling. When I walked in this tiny shop off Gorham, I was struck by how simple the decor and kitchen setup was. It's very bare bones, with a few tables and chairs. There is an industrial stovetop right next to the cash register with giant stockpots simmering away. 

The menu itself is as simple as the store: you have the option of potato, beef or mixed dumplings, half an order or a full order, and you can get them plain or with The Works. A half order is $4.50 and a full order is $6.50, tax included. I would highly recommend (as many others have also) getting the mixed dumplings with The Works. You'll get half a serving of potato and half a serving of beef dumplings, topped with curry powder, a sprinkle of cilantro, a drizzle of Sriracha, and a small cup of sour cream. The beef dumplings are bursting with juice and flavor, and the potato dumplings are a nice starchy contrast. They also have their own special sauce that is a mix of rice vinegar and Sriracha that you can add to your dumplings yourself. The sour cream cools your tongue down if it gets too spicy. 

They are now open til 3am on the weekends, a strategic move on their part as I imagine these tasty treats are a hit with drunk people.
Was Charles who walked me through the ordering process awesome? Yes.
Is the price right? Yes.
Was it speedy? Yes
Were my dumps delish? Yes.

But I left there wanting a little bit more. I mean for something with so much square footage, there isn't much variety. Meat or potato, that's all you get. And while I understand that's their thing... I wonder if they could fill that out a little bit more because tonight I had both meat and potato and don't feel like I need to rush back there. 

Now all that said, they were tasty, and my 4star rating is based on the fact that I really dug the entire experience... just a little something more than two options would make this place more of a go to for me. I will say that I love that in their move from State to Gorham they've made some solid food upgrades. They use an organic flour, Wisconsin potatoes and black earth meats, whereas Charlie told me before, everything was from Sysco. 

How about a salad? 
A soup? 
Anything with color?
The menu is so simple but it doesnt need anything else. 4.50 lunch before the game? I'm down
I went to the new pelmeni place having been a frequent customer at the State Street location a few years ago. Was miserably disappointed by the time I walked out of the door (45 minutes after walking in).

I think I can attribute everything wrong with the current into two words: The employees. I went on a Saturday late afternoon, and the two guys working behind the counter were as slow as they were incompetent. As my friends and I waited, the two guys continuously botched order after order in slow motion. Eventually one of the employees made himself some pelmeni, threw them in a box, and peaced out. 

By the time our order came (over 30 minutes after ordering), the dumplings were both room temp and undercooked. I hated myself for eating them.

While this place has most of the potential of the last place (would like the sour cream fridge back and also change the hot sauce back to whatever it was), the current Saturday afternoon iteration was a joke. 

In the future, I will either buy them frozen there (assuming they can't botch that order), or just not go at all. Totally bummed about my experience!
It is really hard to position this pel'mennaya relative to peers, given most of them are 4K + miles away. Still, it is doing things right. For those western-folk who say the menu should be expanded, I say say no! The beauty of the pel'mennaya is that it only makes pel'meni. It feeds the muzik on his way to the factory, the bomzh, who found 10 kopeks on the street. It is simple. It is pure. It is the very definition of uyut.

Paul's meets these criteria and adds just enough curry and cilantro to make its own mark.
Let me just start by saying this: if this review were strictly for the food, a 5 star review would be a no-brainer. The dumplings (which FYI are the only option that they have) are fantastic in every way. And for those of you who don't like chili sauce and/or curry...they are delicious without them as well. We ordered a half order of potato and a half of beef. Half an order is enough for one person (although after you taste them your stomach may be able to convince you that it can fit another 2 plates worth).

The service had a few issues however. The cashier could not get the register to work and our order was somehow lost in the shuffle. If I wasn't paying attention to who ordered behind me, we may have been sitting there waiting all day. With that being said, once I informed them that our order was lost, they were very apologetic and made it up to us with a full order of the potato pelmenis. Also, no one around us had any issues similar to ours, so it was probably an exception and not the rule.
It's probably a good thing I don't live in Madison. This place is way too good. Yes, it's only dumplings, but that's the point! And they're so good they scare me! I got the mix with the works and wanted to eat there at every meal. The guys working in there were nice, as well. I read some reviews that stated that the employees weren't nice, but I had a great experience.  I got a window seat and enjoyed watching people walk by while I enjoyed my fabulous food at an affordable price.
Paul's Pel'meni has one thing on their menu and they do it well. For those who may not know what a Pel'meni is, it's the eastern European version of the dumpling. At Paul's you can get meat or potato or a mix. It can come spicy or not and with or without rye bread. It's the perfect treat for a cold wintery day. The restaurant ambiance is pretty modern but has the same straight forward convenience and sensibility of their menu.
I think its dumpling is alright~ although different than I expected, still thumb up for it. But the dumpling wrap is too thick, the filling is ok
On any frigid, nose-numbing, teeth-chattering Wisconsin winter day, Paul & his gilded pel'meni can be counted on to efficiently & deliciously warm the belly, soul, and possibly even the loins with his particular brand of expertly spiced & stuffed dumplings (get the works). 
One sentence review!
YUM. I love this place. I live downtown and when it's chilly out, I love hitting up Paul's for some comfort food. I always get a full mix with the works -  their dumplings are seriously so good. They stick to one thing and they do it well.
So glad this place is back, missed the downtown location and always seemed to miss getting over to the EVP in Fitchburg in time. Not like you have many options, but get either beef or mixed with the works and an extra sour cream. Paul has been there the few times I've been to the new location and is very personable, definitely appreciates your business!
Paul's is a fantastic downtown dining option. You will crave them after your first experience. I've only had a mix of potato and beef with the works (curry powder, butter, Sriracha cut with rice wine vinegar, sour cream, and chives). They're fresh, filling, and delicious. Not a great option when you're in a hurry but the dumplings don't last long once they make it to your table.
A lot of people will say, "dumplings? Who eats dumplings?" Those are the people raised on dinosaur shaped frozen chicken nuggets. This shit is fast and delicious. It is the epitome of drunk food, but they're still great during the day. The quality and consistency have always hit the mark, the staff is friendly, and it's pretty cheap. Drop a tenner and share with a new friend from The Plaza right across the street.

The only thing that Paul's Pel'meni gets wrong is that old Pel'meni had a record player and boxes of records to jam out to. I figure that if I keep asking them for the record player back they might actually do it...
THWUMP!!!

(That's the sound of me jumping on the Pelmeni bandwagon.)

OK, this is going to be a relatively short review for me since there are just two items on the menu.  You can get A) potato dumplings B) meat dumplings C) a combo of both.  

I went with the combo option.  While not gourmet dining, I thought the bite-sized dumplings were well made with fresh ingredients.  The dumpling skins were thick enough to hold in the filling, but not too thick to dominate the dish.  Both the meat and potato dumplings were well seasoned, unlike the bland Pierogies you find in the freezer section of the grocery store.  It was a relief not to see any heat lamps or steam trays.  After I ordered, person at the counter dropped the dumplings into a large vat of boiling water and they came out piping hot with a perfectly toothsome chew (the wrappers had no gumminess).

What elevates the dumplings from good to great are the sauces.  Don't spend any time pondering over which sauce to order - just go with The Works.  I never would have imagined that a combination of butter, sour cream, Sriracha, cilantro and curry powder would work so well with Russian dumplings, but it's a game changer.  Every bite was slightly difference and that variety is what hooked me.  With the all the various permutations (beef with Sriracha, potato with cilantro and curry, potato with butter, etc.), it's liking you are eating a dozen different dishes.

While spartan in appearance, the dining area was spotless when I visited on a Thursday evening.

$6.50 for a culinary world tour!?!  That's a winner in my book - I look forward to my next visit.
So I told my friends I was coming back to visit them in Madison, but that's not exactly true.

It was really for the dumplings.

As a college SAFEwalker in the early oughts, little hole-in-the-wall Pel Meni served as my dinner often more than once per week.  $5 for a heaping plate of dumplings, sour cream, rye bread, and a soda was a ridiculous deal, and getting to spin records on the regs didn't hurt either.

Fast forward: shady business takeover::boycott::restaurant closes

Nearly a decade later, beloved original owner Paul reigns victorious. Re-opens cafe, and eventually re-opens right off State, now at Henry & Gorham.

Is it a little more expensive now?  Sure.  But it's still $6.50 for over 50 dumplings, and $5 if you buy 'em frozen with all the fixin's, and it's open til 3am - genius.  I was so sad after my pel meni hajj when I finished savoring my final dumpling that I went ahead and bought a bonus frozen order to eat for breakfast the next day.

Half and half.  The works.  If you don't get em spicy you're doin it wrong.

I've had pelmeni in NYC at Russian restaurants and bought them frozen from Russian groceries now here in my fair home of Boston, but they're always a disappointment by comparison.  Listen up Paul - if you ever open up shop/a food truck in Boston, I will dedicate my existence to ensuring your success.

Best meal of 2013, hands down.  Nothing tastes better than nostalgia - especially when the product is even better than you remembered.

I will be back - please please stay in business forever.  I cannot face a world without Paul's pel meni again.
Dear Pelmeni, how I have missed you.  It's been a good many years since you were in town and the fact that you're back pleases me to no end. 

Meat or potato dumplings sounds boring, right?  Wrong!  If you've never tried Pelmeni you are totally missing out.

By mistake I got a 1/2 & 1/2 full order with the works (butter, yellow curry, sweet chili sauce and cilantro with a side of sour cream).  I had intended to only get butter but I'm very glad I ended up with the works.   The flavors are like a party in my mouth with just enough kick. 

Yes it's just meat or potato dumplings but the price is right and they will blow your mind!

Welcome back to the neighborhood!
From the couple times i've been here, I can say that i'm a big fan.  They only serve two dishes:  Dumplings with beef, or dumplings with potatoes.  I think the potato ones are delicious, and my friends who got the beef both loved it.  You can get it plain, or with "The Works" (for no extra charge!), which is yellow curry, sour cream, butter, and chives I believe.  It makes the dumplings taste even better.  Also, these dumplings are cheap:  Only $4.50 for a half order, or $6.50 for a full,.  As a man with a gigantic appetite, I was pretty full after a full order, so they don't skimp on the portions.

Paul's is one of my top choices to get lunch in the State St. area, along with a couple of the food carts.  It's because they're one of the only places in the area to serve dumplings, and they do it quite well.
Fantastic service, fantastic food. Simple and delicious. Inexpensive and filling. I missed this place when it closed down, so many years ago, and it's even better now. This is a Madison staple.
Update to my prior review, they're now offering black bread for 50 cents for a whole slice.  So good, authentic and worth it.  

Paul's is also accepting cards in addition to cash now!
Totally edible. This place is unbelievably okay. Not sure what type of high the rest of Yelp was on to give this place 4.5 stars. To all looking for an honest rating: average, decent, lunch worthy- but not every week, Wednesday food
Come here for one thing and one thing only. Mini dumplings, the works, mixed. Be prepared to have new flavor and texture sensations. In between chewy bites of dough and beef with soupy squirts of meat broth, you'll have smooth and filling pockets of potato. 

Paul's Pel'meni are the ingenious late night alternative to pizza or donuts. It's a snack you'll go to sleep dreaming about and wake up wanting more of. Here is a commemorative haiku of my first visit: 

The curry warms, the 
Sriracha bites, cilantro 
brightens, sour cream.
Whenever I am sad, tired, happy, nervous, stressed out, cold, hot, hungry, full, or a combination of one or more of these feelings.... I want to eat pelmeni. It is quite literally the greatest comfort food I have ever eaten and never fails to satisfy me. I want it right now and I just had some a few days ago. I am likely going to venture out in the horrific arctic temperatures we are experiencing right now to get some, too. 

Now, that being said, I wish I could get a salad. Or just...something... other than rye bread (which I do not enjoy). The pelmeni really is amazing and is the reason people go there, but sometimes you want something other than carbs for dinner. And I often find myself wanting to get a 2nd order even though I know I shouldn't. 

Anyway, it will remain one of my most frequented spots regardless. Once they offer some more options I will happily upgrade my review to a glowing 5-star, because if it were JUST about the pelmeni, and not the overall experience, that is what they would get!
To be brief, the menu selection is fairy limited, but will make your decision much easier. The atmosphere is casual, and the food was delicious. I would recommend the mix (1/2 beef, 1/2 potato) unless you have dietary concerns, with the works.
This place sells one product, and that product is really good.  Why three stars?  Lousy execution.

First, let's get this out of the way: Paul's Pel'meni-- both beef and potato-- are excellent.  I'm a bit of a pel'meni purist, so I was skeptical about the toppings they put on the dumplings, but I've decided that they add a lot to the flavor.

However, there's a lot of things that annoy me about this place:

- When it's crowded on the weekends it can take 20-30 minutes to get your order filled.  That makes no sense.  You sell one thing.  There's no reason that you shouldn't be filling orders pretty much constantly.  Get bigger pots.  Get another burner.  I really don't get why this is so complicated.  And why do you always have two people working there?  It doesn't matter whether it's empty or packed, it's always two guys.


- When it's empty and I'm sitting 8 feet away from you, would it really be that hard to bring my order to me?

- A lot of times they serve you your pel'meni in a takeout box whether you're eating in or taking out.  But there are perfectly nice dishes sitting right in front of them.  Do you just want to avoid doing the dishes?  That's annoying and lazy.

- For the love of God, can I have a fork?  Pel'meni are a lot easier to eat with a fork than with a spoon.

Fix these things-- and they shouldn't really be hard to fix-- and this is easily four, maybe even five stars.  Again, the pel'meni are really tasty.
This is one of my favorite lunch spots downtown. Quick, cheap and delicious. Dumplings with the works is just the perfect flavor combination. I love the concept of a single dish restaurant. It's something that I wish you saw more of in this part of the world.
Pel'meni, welcome back. 

I missed you. I was younger back then, and I know I was drunk a lot of the times when we met. Remember the State Street days? Remember your old record player you used to let me use? Good times, though not always times I was proud of. You probably saw me at my worst, back then. But I'm older now, and I've learned a lot. And I want you back in my life again. 

You're just like I remembered you during those years we were apart. I missed you. You are warmth and comfort to me. On the worst of days, you bring me joy.

***

You don't have to think much, with Pel'meni.  That used to be the charm, back when this little shop was a late-night bar stop on State Street. You can have beef filled dumplings, potato filled dumplings, or a mix of both. (I like to mix it up; both are great.) Small, or large.  Either size is cheap. There, wasn't that easy?

 Your choice of dumplings comes bathed in butter, dusted heavily with spicy yellow curry powder, drizzled heavily with Sriracha sauce, and served with a side of sour cream. You know, for when the corners of your mouth start to burn, with hot, sexy, buttery joy.

What can I say about Pel'meni's dumplings that has not already been said?  They are just... super. The bee's knees. The cat's pajamas. Unless you don't like spicy food, and then I don't care what you think, anyway. But I suppose you could order them without all the wonderful, delectable stuff on them. But that's just silly.

They are still open late many nights, at their new, slightly more mature location just off of State Street. It's a little hard to find if you don't know where it is, though. They suffer from a lack of signage. They share an entryway with an art supply shop, and it's therefore easy to walk past and never notice the restaurant. Especially with AJ Bomber's smell hovering in the air, you can easily miss the tell-tale aroma of yummy little curry dumplings. 

Go, get some. Heck, go nuts, have some delivered. You'll almost pay more for the exorbitant fee that Straight to Your Door aka Mr. Delivery service charges than for your actual food, of course. But it is SO worth it. It doesn't even matter if the dumplings arrive cold, they microwave up like champs.

Pel'meni is fantastic. You'll love it.
Stopped in for a small late lunch. I don't usually take the time to write Yelp reviews, but this was some of the best food I've had in a long time. You know a place does something good if its the only thing they are serving.

Staff was super friendly too, good work on a great restaurant!
How do I love Paul's Pel'meni? Let me count the ways:
They are DELICIOUS
They are inexpensive
They are made from locally sourced beef
They are made fresh for each order
They are nearby the capitol
They are ready really quickly
Yet I think they are healthier than fast food
They have perfect seasonings (which I totally would not have expected to work on dumplings - but it is oh so good)
I already mentioned the deliciousness.

Eat some dumplings already!  There is no excuse not to!
Dumplings are great. Don't think you know what you're getting into because you've had a perogi before... not even a competition.
I don't wanna be a copycat, but I agree with Bobb and Corey:

1. Get the half-and-half with the works (when it mixes together...mmmHM), and
 
2. I wish the menu was just a little more expansive and diverse. Paul's does pel'meni RIGHT, but I feel like that talent would also make some awesome salads, soups, or desserts. Don't get me wrong, I don't think a huge menu is the right choice for this place - but another option or two wouldn't go amiss.

Otherwise, though? Love it. Delicious food, great service, even greater price.
We had a full order of the potato dumplings and a full order of the mixed. They were amazing! They only take cash and if you like a little spice get them with the "works". I actually liked the potato dumplings better but the meat were great also. There is no variety on the menu whatsoever it is just meat or potato dumplings but they are soooooo good!

Carry out is quick and probably the way to go because it is not a huge place.
A friend and I were going to have lunch at Paul's Pel'meni today.  After seeing the lack of sanitary food handling by the lone employee, we decided to eat elsewhere.  Getting a case of gastroenteritis was not on my "to do" list.

I watched the employee handle greens and other food items with his bare hands.  I then saw him take a few orders, handle the cash, use the credit card machine, and answer the telephone.  He then went back to handling the food with his bare hands without washing them.

My friend and I were at the restaurant at 1PM on a weekday.  There were only a few people in there and only one person working.  With such an appalling  lack of sanitary food handling, I can see why there were so few customers.  I would never consider eating here after what I saw.
Granted, I'm used to San Francisco prices, but $6.50 (tax included) for a full order seems like a steal! First time in Madison and gave the place a try after seeing all the positive reviews...boy am I glad I did! Freshly made, local ingredients, and friendly service. Awesome spot.
This restaurant has one dish - dumplings.
You can have your choice of meat or potatoes or both!
Throwing some Sriracha + the works + sour cream is the way to go!

So simple, yet so good.
I love Paul's Pelmeni. I lived in Russia for 2 years and lived off of pelmeni and Paul's does it right. The Works (a combination of sriracha, melted butter, curry powder, and more) is an absolutely genius topping for pelmeni. If a restaurant was rated solely based upon the food quality, Paul's would be five stars.

Unfortunately, Paul's fails in every other element. Paul's advertises that it is open until 3 on weekends. Paul's advertises that it is open on Sundays. I've tried to go to Paul's on a Sunday at least 3 times, and it has never been open. I've tried to order Paul's late at night on Fridays and Saturdays and it has never been open. It is unbelievably unprofessional to just decide to close a business and ignore posted business hours. Paul's does post on Facebook and has advertised being open late on nights that I have tried to order and found out that they are closed.

Paul's doesn't particularly advertise itself as a Russian restaurant or its dumplings as Russian, but the most Russian part of this organization is its professionalism and service (this is not a compliment). I don't know if the owner of the restaurant is aware of how often Paul's is closed outside of posted business hours, but if I owned Paul's I would not stand for this low level of professionalism.

Will I attempt to eat at Paul's again? Absolutely. But only being 50% certain that a restaurant will be open when I try to go is frustrating (and a sign of insanity, I think).
They do one thing - dumplings - and do them well.  It's also a great deal for lunch.  There isn't much seating so it's best to get your order to go.
What the heck is a Russian dumpling. 
(my thoughts as I entered Paul's Pel'meni)

It is good. That's what.

These little dumplings o goodness make for one hearty and satisfying dish. As a meat and potatoes gal, these little pel'meni are excellently balanced between my need for some protein and my craving for some tummy-filling carbs. 

Plus, the flavor of these guys is so crazy good. Top the ground beef and potato with a drizzle of butter...vibrant yellow curry powder..sweet chili sauce..fresh chopped cilantro..and a dollop of sour cream..forget about it. 

I be back. And soon.
Hits the spot! I love the sour cream component as well. Go for the mix and get it with the works.
These dumplings are amazing. Get them with the works!  If you can't make it downtown, you can also get them at Oasis Cafe in Fitchburg.  Say hi to Paul.
Tucked away at a little corner off Gorham St is this easy to miss treasure, but don't miss it! The entrance might be somewhat hard to find, you will be able to see nicely-cushioned red seats and a nice counter area where they serve up those delicious little dumplings!

What are Russian dumplings?? Prior to my first trip here I had always associated dumplings with something Asian. So this is really an eye-opening experience for me. I love how they offer beef or potato fillings for their dumplings. The thing that makes them so special is that 1) they are small cute little dumplings and 2) the works. As other reviews have pointed out you can get cilantro, curry powder, siracha-rice vinegar sauce, sour cream and butter to go with those dumplings. You can ask for as little or as many of the works on offer. 

I have always liked my order with all the works, simply because they have put in a lot to make sure that everything pair up perfectly with one another. The siracha might be spicy, but the sour cream neutralizes the spice a lot. In other words, just amazing ~~ If you order the half beef half potato combo, it's always a nice surprise to find out what the filling is going to be for your next dumpling!

For small eaters the half order will fill you up perfectly. They also offer the raw dumplings to go. They will pack them nicely for you fresh out of the fridge. The nice thing if you decided to go for the raw dumplings is that there are significantly more of them per box, always worth it to make your own since all you have to do it heat them in boiling water for a couple of minutes. Then you can let your imaginations take you in terms of toppings. 

Do remember this is a cash-only place though. Totally worth everything ~~~
Our daughter thinks we come from Maryland just to visit her a couple times a year. We are happy to let her continue to believe that. The reality is we have to get our Paul's Pel'meni fix!   I do have to credit our daughter for finding them and introducing us to them though.     I only wish they delivered to Maryland.   Better yet, a Paul's Pel'meni in Maryland would be great, then maybe our daughter would visit us more!
Just an update to my previous review. The dumplings are still awesome AND due to popular demand, they are back in Fitchburg's EVP Coffee!

For those who dream of enjoying these delicious gems at home, Paul offers frozen portions complete with all the fixings in a take home style. Gotta love the great service!
Been here a handful of times. The flavors are delicious and the service is usually friendly and courteous. The problem? 

I ate here most recently (a ground beef with the works) and I got horrible food poisoning. Like, "If I don't get to a bathroom in the next 45 seconds, I'm going to need to invest in new pants" - terrible food poisoning. 

I guess if you like playing Russian Roulette  (pardon the pun) with your food then you should eat here. It's unfortunate because the food is actually very tasty.
I give this a 4 because it's unique, so I think it's fun! It's a pretty small space but I like the casual layout. It isn't what I expected for a russian dumpling place, especially because of the pop music playing in the background... the dumplings were deeelicious and the toppings were perfect! I can see myself craving these in the future...
I can only imagine that these are as good as they were when I lived in Madison. We used to go ALL the time. So I will give 5 stars for the amazing dumplings I remember from my college and med school days and dock one star for the place being closed this weekend even after calling a couple days ago and verifying that they would be open.   Oh well, maybe next time.
Paul's is literally right across the street from my house. RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET! Yet it still took me a little while to find because it is tucked away between two larger businesses. If you, like me, aren't exactly sure where to find Paul's, just look for AJ Bomber's front entrance. The entrance to Paul's is just around the corner on the Gorham St. side.

Although they have plenty of seating, I'd say that Paul's is more of a take-out restaurant than a dine-in restaurant, as I was the only dine-in customer on a weeknight, even though I had gone at prime dinner hour. 

As per the suggestion of numerous Yelpers, I ordered a full order of mixed dumplings with the works. I was a little worried that the dumplings would be drowned in sour cream, because I am not a huge fan of that particular condiment, so I was relieved when I discovered that the sour cream was served on the side.

I chose not to use the sour cream at all, and I really don't think I missed out on much.   I was not all that impressed by the beef dumplings...in all honesty, they tasted a bit funky. I couldn't pinpoint the true issue, but I thought they tasted like xiao long baos gone wrong with an oddly soupy yet seemingly overcooked filling.  Meh. Never again. However, I can definitely see myself craving the potato dumplings once in a while, and I'm hoping to pick up some of their frozen dumplings so I can make them at home for cheaper. Still, $6.50 for a very filling - albeit a little unbalanced - meal is totally reasonable!
I'm hooked!  My first time there I got a full order mixed with the works.  The works wasn't for me and the potato wasn't doing it for me neither.  Now I get a full order of beef with extra cilantro and an extra cup of sour cream!  Damn, this place is delicious.
Randomly walked in off the street to Paul's last night and got a full order with The Works. My boyfriend and I split the order and it was plenty for a light dinner. Quick service from a one-man show. No frills, short menu, great food!
Before visiting my friends in the hospital after the birth of their first baby, we stopped at Paul's for a half order of potato pel'meni (there were about 20 small dumplings for $4.50).

I have been on a hunt for a great dumpling in Madison for a while. I am a gyoza lover and all-around dumpling fanatic. But, I hadn't found one that really floated my boat, until Paul's. The outside of the potato dumpling is a little chewy, and the inside is creamy/delicious (akin to a gusher for adult tastes).

I can only speak for the potato dumplings--go for them, and get 'em with the works.
1 hour and 15 minutes after I placed my order it arrives, and it's the wrong order.  I call and I'm told that "there's nothing I can do, you'll have to call our delivery service."   "They must have told me the wrong order then, because that's what they told me you wanted."  I call the number he gives me and it's the wrong number. 

After paying a $4 delivery charge, $1 convenience fee.  Good thing I tip in cash and didn't pre-tip... 

So, no refund, cannot find the number for Madison's delivery service, etc.
This place specializes in one thing.  Dumplings! !  Awesome little pockets of deliciousness.  Covered in "the works" which is yellow curry
1 word, awesome! 

Super friendly staff and super quick and delicious dumplings! When I come back to madtown, ill remember I like their beef dumplings very much! !!

Great value for the amount of food as well! Amazing
The staff here was so nice! My roommate and I just stopped in here for the first time today and we were both so pleasantly surprised with how friendly they were. Not to mention how delicious the food was. We both got the potato dumplings with "the works" yuummm. Easy on the wallet too. A "half order" (easily enough to feed one) was only $4.50, can't beat that! I told my roommie as we were walking out that I was going to leave them a good review so I made a yelp account today just do do that :)
SO DELICIOUS, SO CHEAP, SO FULL

The sriracha, sour cream and butter they put on top when you get "the works" is absolutely delicious. Even better they are open after bar hours and are perfect late at night!! Everyone I have taken here has enjoyed it. You can get two full meals and drinks for $15. Totally awesome could not recommend it more