Souper Salad and I have never really bonded.  Sure, we've had a few laughs, but generally by the time we part ways it kinda feels like wasted time.  Not that I haven't been properly filled, but for the price I could have gotten better.  And often healthier.  

Ya see, the big secret is that most of this stuff isn't healthy.  Sure some of it is, but it is ALL about control.  And who's ever heard of control in an All you can eat place?  ................Exactly.  And between the bread, pizza, creamy pasta salads and the dessert section with ice cream - didn't you just ruin the whole "Healthy lunch of salad" concept?

I remember liking the baked potato bar.  We had good times.  And every once in awhile a those garbanzo beans really hit the spot on the salad.  But several of the times I've gone I feel like the lettuce is wilty or in some other way less than appetizing.  And often other ingredients look similar.  Last time I got a baked potato it was under cooked fairly substantially.  

Can you enjoy a meal there?  Sure.  Would I suggest putting this into the regular rotation?  Most likely no.
I'm sorry I thought I already reviewed this. . .  Wait, what's this? Is this NOT the same as Sweet Tomatoes? Oh, my bad. 

I'm not sure which came first so I'm not going to give bonus originality points to either side, but, frankly, neither place is too hot, in my book. 

The same things apply to both: totally tasteless food in unlimited quantities. And, again, I'm not hating on the AYCE situation, but when you charge almost ten bones for it with no drink included give me some flavor!

I drop by from time to time when I realize I have eaten Taco Bell, J in the B, BK, or McD's in recent excess and need to force myself to consume some greens and/or non-fast food. It doesn't mean I enjoy it. 

For those purposes, cool. Conversely, if you are just looking for a tasty salad, this isn't what you're looking for.
Souper Salad...Soup or Salad! Now I don't feel completely secure eating at a communal salad bar. You never know who has been there before you or how long the food has been out. That said sometimes you just have the hunger for a salad bar experience, and if that is true you can't beat the selection at Souper Salad. They have a huge salad bar, soup, pastas, fruit, baked potatoes, and desserts. It's all you can eat and everything tastes good enough! Next time you have a insatiable desire for a lot of salad souper salad is your place. Just don't expect five star food or service!
Here's Souper Salad Paradise Valley, another nice link in this very well managed chain.  As I have come to expect, this location features up to date styling, was spotlessly clean, the table service was 5-Stars, & every bite of the food was fresh & tasty.

Like Sweet Tomatoes, you eat salad first here, then go back for soup & so on, due to the layout of the dining room.  There are always new dishes to try, both on the long salad line & over at the hot food area.  They're not afraid to serve recipes you've never tasted before, either.  One unusually seasoned but tasty treat offered today was their "Holiday Harvest Soup".

When you come, don't miss their delicious chili in a surface kettle, & the sponge cake with strawberries & whipped cream for dessert.  Yum!

Souper Salad is an amazing value at $5.99, $5.79 Sr., lunch or dinner, 7 days!
Well let me start by saying this is no Sweet tomatoes...but the establishment was clean...the service was good..and the food was decent. Now that is the good news...here is why i only gave Souper Salad only 3 stars...first of all they had only 4 choices for soup when you get at least 8 at Sweet tomatoes. Secondly there was not enough servings of anything they had...but what they did have was good...i don't want to discount that fact. I also had a problem with the fact that they had soft serve but no brownies...and all buffets i have been to at least have that.

Now understand i know that sounds petty but i just want my readers and fellow yelpers to know all the facts when it comes to this establishment vs other places like it i.e. Sweet tomatoes. The layout of the dining room is very nice and spacious and when we went for an early dinner this evening it was fairly quiet. The mac and cheese was really good...but there was no really good bread to eat with it though. My wife enjoyed the taco's which had all the fixings...and all the vegetables were fresh.

The pizza wasn't great...the pasta could have been better...and the fact that you couldn't refill your own drinks (like at Sweet Tomatoes) was also a huge problem for me. Now the price i have to admit was unmatched...i would go to this establishment again for that reason alone. My wife and i only paid 13.29 for the both of us to enjoy the buffet...just wish there had been more choices but for the money it was not terrible. So if you are looking to eat healthy and are looking for a cheaper alternative to Sweet Tomatoes...then this is your locale. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
Oh @SouperSalad, for nearly $10, you can include a drink in the meal.

I enjoy the food, and the selection. I will probably return from time to time, because it's close, and it's a decent price for the kids, who can have water.

But really, I don't think the soda should be an additional cost.
Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
The salads were amazing and the service was excellent.  This is definitely a repeat for our group.
Salads are good - but everything is very expensive and the manager treats the employees like dirt.  I've seen it first hand multiple times.
I have never heard of Salad Creations, probably because I don't have one where I live, but I wish I did. I was in Wisconsin where I found Salad Creations and I tried their Apple Pecan Salad, and oh my goodness it was delicious; everything went well together in it and it wasn't drenched in dressing. The inside of the building was average, nothing fancy but it went with the atmosphere. The only reason this place got 4 stars is that I wasn't greeted with a "welcome to Salad Creations" or anything; other than that I would defiantly go again. I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for a light and healthy meal.
Salad was good, but very expensive! I also thought I would add on a bottle of water and my total was over $11.00! (The salad was 7.99, so $3 for a small bottle of water???) i thought hey, I'll help a local business out... Never again! I was also curious about nutritional/ ingredients of the salad dressings and was treated very rudely. The young girl that helped me was very nice, but the older woman was not nice at all. So much for supporting a local business.
I'm writing this again because it wasn't included in the reviews for some reason. 
I've been to this restaurant 4 times and today was a reminder why I don't go there anymore. It always seems like the employees take an unreasonable amount of time to make our salads. She kept returning to the salad ingredient lists on the counter after every part of the salad. It was a very time consuming process. When my salad was almost done, she added chicken instead of the shrimp that I had requested. We had to start all over at square one. When my mother got her salad made it also took a very long time. Today we had a coupon for buy one get one free and our total STILL came out to $15.00! When we questioned why it was so expensive for one salad that was supposed to be $7.99She said, "I think the added shrimp is $3.50" She thinks? I just wanted to get out of there. The prices are outrageous and the salads are subpar. I've tried to give this place a fair chance, but the employees are very slow and the prices are not worth it. I would never go there without a buy one get one or my two salads would be $30!  Absolutely outrageous. I doubt they'll last more than a year at this location.
My family and I were craving salads tonight so someone suggested salad creations. We live about 30 minutes away from salad creations and when we got there they were closed....at 7:15. The lights were completely off, chairs up and no one inside. Why say you are open until 8 when you are only ACTUALLY open until 7? We were all very disappointed to say the least. We won't be back for a very long time.
Awesome breakfast burritios, absolutely killer.  The coffee isn't bad either.
Tried this place for dinner between classes. It is kind of like Chipotle and Qdoba, but the focus is not just Mexican burritos.

Pros:
Buffalo sauce is great
Interesting menu items
Lots of vegetarian options

Cons:
Significantly slower than Chipotle / Qdoba
Store has a strange smell (Maybe new building, but maybe not)

Note: Menu items don't come with meat, which is ordered as an add-on if you are interested.
UPDATE AFTER A SECOND VISIT:

Upon further inspection, it seems to me that although they advertise as being healthy (and generally are), almost all of their meals are high in fat content. And since they don't allow you to "Create Your Own" anything, there's only so much you can do to fix that. Now on to my experience...

Employee seemed uninterested in me until the last second. When I gave my order, I was spoken to in a clipped way that made me feel like she didn't care, or just wanted to get it over with. I don't need any special service, but it was a bit off-putting.

Asked for kale instead of spinach/romaine. Paid extra for said kale. Still got spinach/romaine (I got it as take-out so didn't notice until I was at my later destination).

Asked for no dressing. It was SMOTHERED in dressing, so much so that most of my salad was soggy by the time I got to eat it. 

No, this place isn't terrible. It's fine. But the customer service and menu versatility seems to be seriously lacking. I have dropped my review from 3 to 2 stars because of my combined experiences.


ORIGINAL REVIEW:


Tried this place post workout between classes because I wanted a healthier option.

There was another girl having problems with her order because she wanted a smaller portion (the portions are pretty huge, I will admit). One of the employees told her that the wrap was a smaller portion, so she asked for the wrap without a tortilla. The other employee couldn't get it through her head that that wasn't to be rung up as a salad. In the end, the first employee ended up giving her the smaller salad as a "wrap," but it was a lot of grief over something pretty simple. 

I like that they have healthy options. It's weird that they have everything set up like a health-food Chipotle, but they don't let you just customize whatever you want - you have to pick something off the menu and then you can switch a couple things around if you wanna have the conversation with them about it. There are a lot of proteins and "superfoods,' like kale, that you can add for like a dollar. I did that, but I have to say, $8.47 is a little on the pricy side for a salad, even if it was pretty big. I asked for dressing on the side and there was still dressing put on the salad. Oh well. I'm not really a big complainer, and it was good-tasting dressing anyways

They shake up the salads for you, which I actually kind of liked because I hate it when all the toppings are gone in the first few bites. It was a good salad, the superbiotic one. I was more or less satisfied.

Oh, and they take M&G. So I'll probably be back.
Not bad. Everyone complains about the employees, sure they seem at first a little disengaged, but can you blame them? Think of All the little brat sorority girls that give their order to them without even looking up from their phone. They probably didn't grow up the same way and may not get how the modern generation can be so self centered.... Just saying. 

As for the food, it's good. Not chipotle by any means but it's a great stop if you are in a rush to clash and need some grub.
This place is located at the business school on the ASU campus. Because of classes at night and no other options except a few things at the MU at night when I had classes, this was the place to be. You can choose from burritos, salads, wraps, and bowls. Somehow each time I wound up spending at least $9-$10.

The food looks great but when you eat it, most of the options leave more to be desired. What would otherwise sound like an amazing meal, like a Thai Lemon Grass Burrito, always had me wondering where the lemon flavor was. It was aspects like that that left me give a 4 star review.

The people running the place don't seem too bad. I always caught them between 6-9 at night so maybe that has a factor to play. Every time I walk in they're welcoming, smiling, and ready to take my order. They make their food right there in front of you. You might not be able to pick and choose what you want on everything but you can substitute components, etc.

Some of these reviews are funny because they clearly show that people weren't paying attention to what they ordered and the ability to see exactly what they're doing to make your order (think of it like how you can see what they're doing at Subway). And every single restaurant is unsustainable in some way. They wrap your meal up in paper if you get a burrito or wrap, only for you to toss it away later...who's unsustainable then? I guess some of these reviews are freshman in their 101 classes who are out to change the world.