A Scottish restaurant in a very grand setting in the centre of town. The food is lovely, but it can be a little rich at times, and the service can be a little slow. A good place to take someonne you'd like to impress, though, and it's not ridiculously expensive.
Howies is a local chain with a number of restaurants in Edinburgh, it specialises in modern British/Scottish cuisine and proves itself to be popular with both locals and tourists.

This branch on Waterloo Place is my favourite to visit for a boozy lunch. It is situated just beneath Calton Hill, so there's always the option to take a stroll up there if you're not too stuffed afterwards. The restaurant is bright and airy, due to the wonderfully high ceilings and tall windows, which drown the place with light (hence why it's good to visit during the day). The service is always impeccable and the food is of a high standard. I'd recommend that you end your meal with the cheeseboard, you get a great selection of delicious Scottish cheeses and oatcakes - don't be afraid to ask the waitress for a few extra, I always find myself with far too much cheese for too few oatcakes!
I had been to the other Howies on Victoria Street and was quite looking forward to trying out this one. It's located just underneath Carlton hill, inside a beautiful old building. 

Despite the great setting the food was a bit of let down. I came here about 3 months ago and ordered the vennison stew with chocolate. Very excited to try this exotic sounding dish we were presented with food, which tasted like it had just been microwaved. Have you ever smelt meat and potatoes that have been microwaved? They have that distinct smell and taste. To add to this, the bread pudding with custard I had, although delicious to start with, was dry in the middle.

The girl serving our table was very friendly, although you could she was new on the job. She couldn't understand the order of wine we wanted and kept getting mixed up. Also it took them ages to come take our order in the first place and there weren't that many other customers. 

I know Howies can do a lot better and I hope this was a one-off thing. Their menu is always impressive and I hope I can write a positive update to this review in the near future.
Disappointing compared to its sister restaurants in the city.


 The Festival custom may have contributed to the gaps in the wine cellar but to run out of white bread seemed rather lax. The well done steak ordered by one of our party was still noticeably bloody and whilst the wait for that to arrive on the table will have contributed to the other meals' cooling I maintain that my risotto was much less hot than it should have been.


 No complaints about the service (indeed my companions were rather demanding at times but this was handled admirably) but I think I'll be sticking to Victoria Street when it comes to suggesting one of the four establishments to patronise.
This location of Howie's lies just at the base of Carlton Hill in an old restored building.

We went with a larger sized group for dinner and they did a nice job of accommodating us although the service was pretty slow due to the fact that they had a number of large groups in there at the same time.  There had to be about 60 children at two long tables (looked like a mess hall) while we were there and the noise was unbelievable.

But the staff took it all in stride getting us our drinks and our food with smiles on their faces.  I had a simple chicken breast served with potatoes and vegetables and others around me had the bream (a fish).  One in our group ordered a burger and was told it only came "well done" due to the kind of meat . . .which left us wondering just what that meant?   For dessert, the banana cream pie was a hit but I kept wondering all night what made this dinner "Scottish"??  After all- that is their claim to fame.

Doubt I would head back to this location if I was on my own, but for a large group they did a good job.
Overall:  A solid 4.  Good, well prepared food with some subtle flavors, though one dish could have been better seasoned.  Very good service.  (Caveat:  We only had starters, a drink, and dessert--no main dishes.)  We'd return.

Service (4.5):  Very nice staff; attentive without hovering.  Liked having a single waitress rather than a medley of servers.  Would have preferred for her to come by the table once or twice during the meal to see if everything was fine or if we needed anything, but her suggestions were good, the orders correct, and her attitude great overall.

Food (4):  Well prepared & well plated.  The cullen skink soup was excellent, with a subtle smoke flavor.  However, one of our dishes--the haggis, neeps, & tatties starter (very good with ginger beer)--did not seem sufficiently seasoned (particularly the vegetables and gravy, which was a little bland).

Ambience (3.5):  Nicely renovated older building with somewhat sparse decor (white walls, contemporary furniture, & a few sets of stag antlers on the walls), which makes me wonder if the place gets a bit loud when slightly busy.
Vibrantly painted walls in this quaint basement restaurant. Good food and a lively atmosphere. Recommended.
I want to give this place more than just three stars because I actually had an incredibly lovely evening here last night.  However, the loveliness of my evening was due almost entirely to the company I was with, as well as the friendliness of the wait staff.  
The food was what really fell short here...and the chairs, the incredibly uncomfortable chairs.  
It was by no means bad, but it just didn't WORK very well. 

For starters I had- pumpkin gnocchi with shredded ham hock, slow roasted cherry tomatoes & bocconcini.  It was nice, and definitely my favorite dish of the evening.  The texture of the gnocchi was a bit unusual but ultimately the flavors of the dish went together nicely.  
Also, considering the size of the dish, it was a bargain at £5.95.  However, as it was a starter, I didn't want it to be that large.  It filled me up to the point I where I didn't need anything else to eat, and I hadn't even finished it!
My friend had the smoked halibut, baby spinach & goats cheese roulade with radish & watercress salad, roast yellow pepper & Arran mustard vinaigrette.  She asked if the yellow pepper could be left off, and they kindly replaced it with a reduced balsalmic (though, to be honest, I never noticed balsalmic anything).  We swapped starters so I had the chance to try this one as well.  The goats cheese roulade completely overwhelmed the halibut in both size and flavor.  The proportion of cheese to fish seemed to indicate that one was expected to take large mouthfuls of cheese with a tiny sliver of fish as an accompaniment.  I like cheese as much as the next person, but it was simply too much.  Even tiny accents of the cheese taken with the fish overwhelmed the flavor and ultimately I managed only a few bites before I gave up, uninterested.    

After our massive starters, even stretched out over about an hour and a half, we weren't hungry in the least.  Feeling too guilty to spend so much time at the table and have only wine and starters, we ordered a main to share.  We chose the braised Portobello mushrooms stuffed with black crowdie on a borlotti bean, white cabbage, plum tomato & basil stew, confit garlic coulis.  The mushrooms were nice, but the black crowdie had the texture of hard styrofoam and the beans were undercooked to the point of being hard.  The flavors and presentation were all quite nice but the individual elements were extremely lacking.  This dish was also immense and there is NO way I could have finished it alone.

We also noticed that all mains are served with a small side of steamed vegetables - new potatoes, carrots, broccoli and snow peas.  I'm not sure why they do this because while we all love veggies, they didn't compliment the dish (and it doesn't seem they would compiment anything on the menu), I certainly didn't need any more food, and really just think that the restaurant is wasting money on a completely unnecessary extra.  

The icing on the cake was when I was sitting in bed later that evening and my stomach was rumbling unhappily.  Not with hunger and certainly not as a result of over-eating, but clearly unimpressed by the sub-par meal.
I've eaten here a number of times in the past (including one Xmas dinner) and can safely say I've had no complaints about the service or food. Likewise the upstairs bar does the job, with a good range of most types of alcohol. What surprised myself and my companions last weekend though was to see Innis & Gunn available on draught. Surprise number two came when we found out it was £6.50 a pint! Needless to say no pints were bought. The price is no doubt set against what the supplier charges the bar but this is beer made in Scotland, not Leffe which is the same strength but at least imported. Given that you can get the bottled versions for not much more than a quid in Morrison's I think I'll be sticking to that option.
With 4 staff on it still took ten minutes to prepare a bacon roll at breakfast time, £1.75 for soft drinks struck me as expensive and I was short changed by £2. All in all not a good experience.
Came here with a group of friends after getting off the night coach from London. They took a while to open up and let us in but the cashier lady was nice. Ordered a salmon sandwich which came with greens and tried a ham sandwich from my friend. Sandwiches were nicely sized but there wasn't anything that really stood out. We really wanted to try a scone but since they just opened scones wouldn't be available until later. 

Three starts because there wasn't anything that really stood out to me and the servers that were setting up weren't very friendly towards us and we felt pretty unwelcomed. But, did find their giant teacup pots amusing.
We stopped by the Deacon's House for some breakfast (and to get out of the rain).  The two of us went for the standard breakfast which was mediocre.  Its hard to screw up some eggs and bacon and sausage but they gave it a good go!  The eggs were scrambled but seemed like they were sat in a puddle of water!  The food was edible, but only just.  I don't know what it is but it was hard to find a decent breakfast in Edinburgh!

I did however like the coffee and also the cafe itself, which used to be the workshop of the Deacon (who's real name I have forgotten) and the story behind this guy.  Although a respected cabinetmaker, he was also a thief and he and his friend and co-crook were hanged on gallows that the cabinetmaker built!  I'll bet the guy wished he didn't do such a great job on them!
Great!
Lost count of the times I've been here over the last few years, with parties large or small. In my opinion the best of the Edinburgh Howies.


 My visit this week was no exception to the standard of service and quality of the menu that I've come to expect. The haggis starter was tasty and the main course of parsnip, pepper & something tart was delicious and filling. Finished off with the renowned banoffi pie and efficiently served throughout this was yet another enjoyable meal in a deservedly popular Edinburgh institution.
Love this place.  As I wandered the street of Edinburgh, I came to Grassmarket and discovered this place.  The ambience is very nice.  The service is very attentive.   The waitresses were all nice and took good care of the orders.  It's very female friendly.  there were two group of females having a good time together when I came in. 
they had a full bar if you want to come for some drinks. 
The food I would say is a little bit fusion.  I had the soup of the day, tomatoes with mint... and it was delicious.  The soup was not made from can tomatoes.  You can even taste the tart and sour flavor of the tomatoes peels.  It will be worth it to order again.  It came in two size : as an appetizer or as an entree.   So do many order dish in the restaurant.  For the main dish, I ordered the hummus wrap with chicken.  This I would say is not as impressive as the soup.  the portion is not huge.  The flavor was not as distinctive as the soup.  However, it does taste good but I wish they put a little bit more hummus so it has a little bit more flavor to it.  
They currently have a promotion for a 5 pound entree.  You can check out the website for the coupons.

Overall, I would definitely come back to this restaurant because the food wasn't bad, love the atmosphere (nice in a sunny day - room was fully covered but the sun still shined through).  The price is not over the top like some other restaurants.  Good portion (i've seen someone other the burgers and they were huge!).  Very good service is another added point.  

If you are around in the area, you can come and check it out.  

enjoy! :)
A great, fresh take on Scottish cuisine!  I had a haggis spring roll to start, which was just brilliant, followed by a pork chop entree with a black pudding and chickpea cassoulet.  The wine and the service were very good, and it's an attractive but unpretentious place, with reasonable prices.  Would definitely come here again!
Of Edinburgh's four 'branches' of Howie's,  (they dislike being referred to as a chain, as each restaurant attempts to have its own identity and creates its own menu ) this is my favourite to come to for dinner. It has a sense of intimacy and romantic atmosphere that the other 'branches' haven't quite managed to cultivate. The menu is based around Scottish produce (Shetland salmon, Stornoway black pudding) and changes seasonally. They use organic bread from local baker Breadwinner, which is always fresh and delicious, and your first bowl is complimentary which I think is a nice touch. It would be fair to say that I've never had a bad meal here. 

The restaurant is located in one of the city's prettiest streets and is perfectly situated for heading out into town after your meal, although I'd recommend that you nip across the road to the Bow Bar for a digestif first.
I ate here on my first night in Edinburgh.  It was Sunday night around 8 and the place was packed, perhaps due to Monday being a bank holiday.  

The atmosphere was nice and upscale casual.  The service was not-so-great.  The food was just pretty good.

For a starter we got the haggis spring rolls.  I was unimpressed, as were my dining companions.  I would have preferred more than those two little rolls.  The haggis itself wasn't that flavorful, and the chili-jam was sweet but didn't really have much heat.  The mushroom-kidney bean pate was quite nice, however the oat-cakes were mysteriously missing from the plate. The soup of the day was quite nice.  

For mains we got the salmon, pork steak, and aubergine pine nut involtini.  For the most part these were just OK.  The salmon was tasty but there was barely any of the red chili creme fraiche.  The pork steak was average, however the shallots with it were delicious.  I enjoyed the involtini.

For dessert we tried the citrus-ginger cheesecake.  I loved the concept of this, as I am a huge ginger fan and a huge cheesecake fan.  It was good but it didn't blow me away.

The presentations on the food were all very nice.  I'd give this 3.5 stars but I'll round down to three for Yelp purposes because I was hoping for a little more.
I like Howie's, it's always got a really strong and vibrant atmosphere and even if it's not really busy, the music and the staff make it seem like it is. 
I had a lovely and light duck salad to start, it was really tasty. My brothers both had haggis which they  said was brilliant. Haggis tends to get a bad press, most people would see it on a menu and avoid like the plague, but this version would make me order it. For main I had the special of the day, which was GORGEOUS  - venison with cabbage and potatoes in a red currant jus has never tasted so delicious. My brothers wern't too happy with their seabream (the healthy option, what did they expect) but said the banoffee pie was  delicious.
The interior is lovely too, the stone walls work well. The waitress was lovely too - she was interested in the food and very helpful!
Despite being a chain of restaurants, Howies of Victoria Street seems to keep some of its individuality - possibly from the finest of all four of the restaurants manu's.

It's most certainly Scottish, but not as we know it Jim. Using local produce, Howies have managed to create a simply mouth watering modern and yet somehow traditional menu using Scottish classics such as Salmon and Haggis without becoming some kind of Scottish Medevil Theme Restaurant.

The restaurant itself is cozy and clean, with a brilliant atmosphere that is both buzzing and vibrant, but also intimate and close all at the same tiem.

I havent always been happy with the Howies Chain (sorry! set of four individual restaurants under the same name) but this is the nicest by a long way.
Good dinner, very tender lamb. The only problem is that the service was very slow. It took ages from the first dish to the second.
What a great little resturant.  I've done dinner and lunch there now and both were excellent.  The wait staff is attentive, and their 2/3 course specials are a good deal.  On the dinner side I had haggis/nips/tattis and a pork steak over mash.  The starter was excellent, with a bacon shave over it.  The pork steak was tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.  It went well with the green beans in bacon/butter sauce.  On the lunch side I took an all daily special set for £7.95 - spicy tomato soup was fantastic and the beef and venison casserole was delicious.  I'd highly recommend you give it a try...
The atmosphere was great and highly suggest for dating dinner or having lunch with friends. I think this restaurant is casual style but if you want to dress up it wont be strange either. We ordered the 2 courses special menu, all of them are exceed our expectation which are so great. The light salad is perfect as starter even if you have no appetite for a big lunch. My friend ordered the creamy fish soup which is so creamy and taste good, but if you are not that found of creamy food,i suggest that you can just go for some lighter choice. The main courses we ordered the chef of the day fish, the fish was perfectly cooked and fresh fish. The price is exceed our expectation again, which was so valuable. We are definitely will go back gain!
Howies beautifully presents delicious flavours of Scotland in generous portions served by smiley happy staff at reasonable prices in a warm, minimalistic setting.

I had a trio of salmon to start - locally hot smoked salmon paté, single malt whisky cured salmon gravadlax, seared smoked salmon with a fennel & citrus dressing; main of grilled fillet of locally smoked hake with sautéed new potatoes, chorizo & spinach and dessert of chocolate truffle and Oloroso whiskey torte with summer berry compote.

I don't eat in Scottish restaurants enough and Howies is reason to do so more often!
We'd never eaten haggis... but we tried it here. And we ate it. It reminded us a bit of american stuffing. The taste is nothing like you'd expect given how it is prepared and the list of raw ingredients. 

In addition, we had an excellent fish special that was well cooked, the mushroom tart starter was excellent, and the salad with fried polenta was delicious. The server was very friendly and helpful, but the fish main course for one (out of 5 people) showed up about 5 minutes after the rest of the food, which was a bit frustrating. 

A great place, can be a bit noisy when it gets filled up with people. But overall, it was a wonderful meal, and take a chance and try the haggis.
When a restaurant is lucky enough to be in one of the most touristic parts of Edinburgh you can either expect the experience to be average- as they will never see the customers again, or amazing as they have to defend their much sought after location.

Unfortunately, howies belongs to the first category and is simply average. The service was less than personal as we had 3 waiters to our table, our wine order got changed without them telling us and when I complained they said it was because they were out of the one I requested but just figured the merlot would do us fine. No apologies. Our starters were nice, well presented but our main courses were the same size as our starters, not what you expect at £20.00 a dish! 

To cap it off the service charge was added to our bill and we had no way of changing it.  Too bad Howies is catering to tourists and hen parties, I am a local and I won't be back.
Well established, well tasty, well central and well wouldn't you believe it a bit of an Edinburgh institution. I don't eat at Howie's regularly, but knowing that it's there and ready to tick all the necessary boxes to offer you a memorable dining experience is comfort enough. It helps that Howie's is tucked in at the top of Victoria Street, one of the most attractive areas in the city and within striking distance of several appealing watering holes for a post-prandial pint.

On my most recent visit I dined on partridge, Stornaway black pudding, salmon and other bits and pieces - I forget the details. [This may be seen as a contradiction to my earlier statement about the memorableness of the experience. Ahem.]

The service was fine, the range of menu choices suitable for everyone in my group and the atmosphere one of contented chat from all diners in this welcoming establishment.
Went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Nice interior and a good varied menu. The special of the day was a lovely venison steak. The staff were  friendly and helpful. Nice central location if you plan on going out afterwards in the Grassmarket/Royal Mile area.
Great Scottish food in the heart of Edinburgh.  The service was very friendly, and the food was great. It's a bit expensive, which is to be expected of a restaurant in that area of the city I suppose, but well worth it I'd say.

I went here for Valentine's Day with the girlfriend, and it had a good ambiance: busy, but not too loud.  Stay for dessert, it's worth it.
It's not a bad place if you are looking for a Scottish restaurant. We had a surprisingly affordable 2-course lunch menu. The service was a lot slower than I'm used to  (maybe that's a European thing?) but our server was extremely nice and friendly. The food was average except for the banoffee pie.  That was definitely the highlight of our meal. So delicious!
I'm all for paying the right price for meals. With promise of locally sourced, gourmet prepared dishes- I was very willing to fork out. 

While the food was decent, but a couple of things really threw me for a spin and I felt jibbed by my £35 meal;

- there is a balance between attentive serving, and passive aggressively rushing. Yes, I walked in off the street and obviously a tourist... But I should not have been rushed.
Case in point: there was a server standing next to me watching me take my last bite- for all 3 courses! - so they can take the plates away immediately

- £3.95 for two half slices of bread and a pad of butter? Seriously? That better have been Himalayan pink salt on the butter, otherwise I call it a hidden service charge 

- the waitress working my table, I suspect, has English as her second language. Well guess what, me too. I guessed it was language/ cultural barrier but in hospitality there is no reason to open the dialogue with "are you ready to order". Really- the very first thing she said to me was that. No hello/ good evening/ how are you

- there was not a lick of green vegetable in both my Cullen Skink, or my lamb roast. Maybe some chopped herb garnishes. Meal was all starch and protein. The end. 

- dessert menu was boring. If you've ever spoke to an executive chef with no experience or interest in pastry, they will always put simple faithful a like fruit crumble, panna cotta and cheesecake on a dessert menu. This is what Howie's offered

Well it's not all doomed. Their meat dish and the lamb gravy was divine. Wish there was more gravy though.
Nice folks, good wines, good food. The haggis appetizer was delicious!
This place was awesome. Simple foods, nice wines, and beautifully decorated.
I booked a table for us at Amber Restaurant, thinking it would be a good place to eat after visiting the Scotch Whisky Experience. 

We showed up 30 minutes early to our reservation and the wait staff was very nice and let us wait in the bar before it was even open. The bartender recommended whiskey and lemonade for me, and it was a delicious combination. Our waiter was also very nice and attentive. 

The restaurant had the best bread ever! It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I had the smoked salmon appetizer with the chicken stuffed with sage and brioche main course. Both were really good and very generous helpings.
Dropped in for  a quick coffee break. The coffee was extremely mild, but tolerable enough to drink. Our waitress was absolutely lovely and the place was inviting and comfortable. 

I tasted Irn-Bru for the first time!!!! Unfortunately, it tasted like carbonated cane syrup and had a bright orange...radioactive orange colouring. : (
Lovely food and unbelievable choice of whisky.
My husband and I completely lucked into discovering Amber; we spent more time than we'd planned to at Edinburgh Castle, and were starving when we left.  We immediately walked by Amber, thought the menu sounded interesting, and went in for a late lunch.

You wouldn't expect a restaurant in the Scotch Whisky Experience to be impressive, but this certainly is.  The room itself is beautiful and has a nice view out the windows.  Service is friendly and helpful.  My husband  had the lamb stovies and loved it.  I ordered the herb crusted coley, and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The mussels and leeks were done perfectly, the dumplings were outstanding, and the sauce was to die for.

We liked the restaurant so much we came back the next day for the Platinum Tour (another future review) and the Taste of Scotland.  Again, this showed how amazing Scottish food really is-- who knew?  The tapas included a scallop, smoked salmon, and black pudding (two for three here, but that's a matter of personal taste) and for entrees we got duck, lamb, and the coley.  The duck was delicious and not at all greasy.  The lamb was so tender you could cut it with a fork, and came with surprisingly good haggis potatoes.  For dessert we had a toffee cake paired with a whisky, and it was absolutely amazing.  The servers can give helpful reccomendations about whisky (as well as other drinks), and there's even a whisky sommelier should you need truly expert advice.

Prices are really fairly reasonable, and the Platinum Tour/Taste of Scotland is really a steal considering how much comes with the tour.  Definitely somewhere you should go if you find yourself in Edinburgh.
Screaming kids, tourists, and small expensive portions. The food was delicious but you'll need a starter or sweet or you'll leave feeling rather empty. I was impressed that they do have real ales in bottles and of course the whiskey selection is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure you'll need a reservation around lunch or dinnertime.

I suggest you come for tapas with whiskey pairings instead of a full meal.
After spending the morning and early afternoon at Edinburgh Castle, we were ready to find someplace to eat. Saw the menu at the Whiskey Experience and decided to try the Amber Restaurant. Downstairs (but there is an elevator) to a pub/restaurant. Nice servers, well presented meal. Not necessarily a huge menu choice, but enough for everybody's taste. Food arrived pretty quickly (nicely presented) and was tasty. 
Must say however, for all restaurants in Scotland, getting more than one glass of cold water becomes a trial.
Amber Restaurant is bang in front of Edinburgh Castle at the very top of the Royal Mile, but its so well hidden that even some of the locals don't know its there! That doesn't mean its not very busy on any given day however. It draws in a certain amount of custom from visitors to the Scotch Whisky Experience and can be accessed via their reception area or a door at the rear of the attached Whisky Shop, then down the stairs. Its worth seeking out! 

Amber has something of a cafe vibe and you can head in there for just a scone and coffee or something more substantial, like a full lunch with a glass of wine, or maybe something from their very reasonably prices whisky list! They offer advice on matching whisky with food. Nice idea! There is also a whisky tasting lounge alongside and plenty of experts on hand to dispense knowledge.

I had a scrumptious lunch of vegetarian haggis with neeps and tatties nicely finished off with a whisky cream sauce - there's a bit of a whisky theme going on but its not in everything! Apparently the smoked haddock was a bit special too, but lacked my lovely sauce. Cheese and crackers seemed like a good idea to end the meal, so I ordered the clava brie with oatcakes and plum chutney. It was quite pungent for a brie but the chutney helped balance the strong flavours. We left full and happy. Would recommend Amber if you are in that part of town.
Kleines, aber feines Restaurant in den Gemäuern der Scotch Whisky Experience (SWE) mit ambitionierter Küche

Ich war hier im Rahmen der "Taste of Scotland" - Tour der SWE als Abschluß der Tour.

Ich wurde nach Betreten des Restaurants sofort freundlich begrüßt, platziert und nach eventuellen Allergien gefragt. Ausserdem wurde mir die Getränkekarte gereicht. Menüwahl war nicht möglich, da das Menü ja Bestandteil der Tour war und somit festgelegt.

Da ich im Rahmen der Tour schon 3 Whiskies getrunken habe (und ein 4. Whisky noch Menübestandteil war) habe ich aus der reichhaltigen Getränkeliste ein.... Leitungswasser bestellt ;)

Das Menü bestand mehr oder weniger aus einer Auswahl an typischen schottischen Gerichten, neu interpretiert, fein abgeschmeckt und äußerst schmackhaft. Was es alles war, kann ich gar nicht sagen, mein gälisch ist nicht besonders ausgereift. ;)

Der Service war sehr freundlich und immer in der Nähe, ohne dabei aufdringlich zu wirken. Außerdem wurde immer wieder nachgefragt, ob alles in Ordnung ist. Auch der Restaurantleiter hat sich nach dem Wohlergehen erkundigt.

Fazit: Wenn ich mal wieder in Edinburgh bin komme ich bestimmt auch ohne vorherige Tour mal wieder hier vorbei. Da kann ich dann die gesamte Leistung der Küche beurteilen.
What a fantastic surprise!  Shona helped me with the menu and was an absolute joy to talk to about Scottish food.  I had the haggis with neeps and tatties and it was all amazing.  She also sent a Scottish pie with me as I was interested in trying that as well.  My family and I were able to sample it that evening (wonderful) and I would also recommend trying that.  I was very fortunate that I went for lunch a bit after 2 in the afternoon in late November, so it was relatively quiet inside, and Shona and I  had great conversation about travelling in the United States as well as cultural differences between the States and Scotland.  Please take my advice and visit this place for a great Scottish meal with great service and conversation!!!
there should be well more reviews about this quirky little cafe near the castle! I came with a few people and they seated us all and the man serving us was a right laugh! The only annoying thing was, they'd run out of chicken salad so I just had a vegetable soup instead! Tasty!
Gee whizz! This place has got to be joking. They just served me a mince and tatties microwaved ready meal. Absolutely staggering.

Words fail me. Well, one springs to mind: avoid.
Ran into this little cafe for a brunch. Ordered the Scottish breakfast for less than 8 pounds. Very large portion with haggis, black pudding, potato scones, ham, bacon, egg, tea, toasts. Everything tasted quite good and the owner was very friendly. I was very full and would say this place was good for the price.
This wee run-down cottage in Royal Terrace Gardens has been transformed into a rustic cosy little restaurant. They do a set menu of five courses for £25 and you can see the chefs at work in the centre of the dining area. 

If you like elegant private dining you probably won't like this place as the tables are long slabs of reclaimed timber and you sit next to the other diners. It does make for a really good sociable atmosphere. A somewhat different and relaxing dining experience. There's none of the bother of choosing what to eat, the five courses just get served up to you and there's no rush, plenty of time for conversation.

You can ask ahead if you have any dietary requirements. The set menu is constantly changing, the night I went there was tender pieces of pork, a delicious bitter vegetable soup, fish, dessert, cheese... all the courses were excellent and thankfully none were too large so there was always room for the next one.

Very much worth the money, though to make sure you get the best value check what is on the menu as it changes very fast and then pick a selection that really suits you.
Had dinner here on Tuesday and was well impressed.

Although the portion sizes were kinda inconsistent amongst our group of 4, then the couple sitting next to us had their dishes served slightly differently to ours and seemingly with more stuff..

Aside from that, the food was fabulous and you could taste the freshness of the ingredients as they base their meals around things which are locally sourced.

The wine & drinks list is fantastic as well. The ricotta & pumpkin cheesecake was a great end to the meal. The communal tables were pretty fun.

£25 for 5 courses is pretty good value for money. Will definitely be back again!
We popped in on the off chance that they might have some seats for brunch on Saturday.  Luckily they'd just had a cancellation so we snagged a few seats in the corner. There were only a couple of choices for brunch but they both looked good. We opted for the bacon, poached eggs and greens with toasted sourdough.  It also came with mushrooms and some Stornoway black pudding. Yum.  Good sized portions too. 
We were sat on our own at one of tables so didn't get to partake of the communal dining experience.  It was good to see the chef at work in the kitchen from our seats and from the taste it was clear that everything is made to order using fresh produce.  Will definitely go back to try their dinner menu.
One of the most fun dining experiences I have had in Edinburgh.

The food was perfectly prepared, fresh, modern, relaxed. I couldn't wait for each of the seven courses to come. Overall it was a perfect amount of food. My favourite course was a crab meat ravioli with bisque. It's a bit like having a taster menu. It was great to try so many lovely things in one dinner, however it was a wee bit disappointing that my favourite dish was over so quickly.

Everyone sits at the same table, yes, but I wasn't even aware of what people were talking about next to me. You can see the staff working away in the kitchen. The music is played on a record player in the room - a lovely thing to see. I really loved everything about The Gardners Cottage. Even my loose leaf peppermint tea was amazing. It was really good value too.
This place is really original with a simple idea and theme.

We were travelling back to see friends in Edinburgh and read about this place in The Week magazine. Having just returned from Cape Town where we had some impressive food, we thought this place sounded as if it would offer good value for lunch, with the food cooked from whatever is fresh that day...and thus the place would have some originality.

Like most folks who have commented on this place we were charmed! Sure the service can be a little muddled as all the staff, chefs included work at a pace, and a glass of extra wine did need to be asked for twice....but if anyone sits and waits for 45 minutes for a bottle...then simply get up and ask politely and I'm sure that you will get your wine...simple really!

The staff all seemed to have passion and smile, and spending my life running an inn, sadly I know that often this not is the case! They came across as human. What I also loved is that you can see the 3 chefs working in a small kitchen.

Onto the food...a great rabbit terrine, which they were making more of as we ate lunch...the smell was fantastic! I then had a black pudding..another starter as I was VERY hungry and then a fish dish from memory. All got 10/10. Sure the choices are limited (this makes it easier in my opinion) and you sit on long benches abutting long communal tables and elbow room is sparse....but hey for 25 quid it's a great meal and experience, and you may even speak with a local.

The wine choices are enough to excite and also reasonably priced. The traditional record player was quirky and refreshing in this I-Pod obsessed century. Yup LP's do stick and jump still!

Would I go back...sure! And then you pop round the corner for another snack at the wonderful Valvolla & Crolla!
An incredible gastronomic experience that are beyond any expletives, as the previous review said, that can be used to express the awesomeness of this place. A rustic quaint little cottage hidden in a small park that takes you literally as if you were out in the countryside. Our table was within arms reach and in full view of the two young chefs who were intensely prepping the meals. The servers were very friendly. The food was perfectly matched with the wine for each course. The meals were well-balanced. All the ingredients were procured from local sources and couldn't have been any fresher. Had a great time sharing the dinner with a friend here. There was some difficulty making our way out through the tiny door way which we didn't have any problems getting through earlier before the meals. ;-)  

When in Edinburgh, a definite must!
What a lovely place!! The food was beautifully cooked and the atmosphere was great. Personally I quite like the coseyness of the shared tables, but  you are very tightly packed next to your neighbors which might not be to everyone's taste.

Despite having 5 courses I didn't feel overly full at the end of the meal- some would say just right, but I could have done with a little more (hence four, not 5 stars.) The food was really lovely though, very tasty, and cooked sympathetically to the seasonal  ingredients.
It was very serendipitous that we ended up eating here. We had failed to make any proper birthday dinner reservations elsewhere and in our searching I remembered having heard this place was good, so I checked their website and was able to book a table on-line the same morning. Very handy! We arrived at 5:45, which is generally a bit early for us to eat dinner, but with 7 courses we figured it was a good time to start. We were also quite excited to try a meal we didn't have to choose.

The location and cottage itself are idyllic, it does feel like you have wandered into a lovely English cottage and surrounding garden. The inside is so warm and cozy and it feels like you are dining in at a friends home. They have 3 tables, which seat 10 each and you sit next to the other diners, no separate tables. I quite enjoyed it as it just adds to the homelike feel of this place. I really love the surroundings and the record player spitting out some music from the 50s and you also get to watch the chefs cooking, which adds to the relaxing atmosphere. 

The staff was exceptional. We were greeted instantly and seated right away. The staff was very efficient, but casual and so friendly. We were asked if we wanted any explanation of the menu or if we just wanted to jump right in. We opted to just jump in and I received an excellent wine recommendation to suite what was to come. 

In order we started with the pig tongue dumpling, which was amazing. Small, but so many flavors and a delicious fresh slaw to go with it. Next we received sourdough bread with a beetroot dip, which was lovely and delicate. Following that we received a kale and bacon soup with blue cheese and toasted walnuts. It was very smooth and such a nice dish, the walnuts and bacon made it so hearty and complimented the line of courses well. 

Our main was roast lamb, with gnocchi, wild roasted garlic, crispy purple sprouting broccoli and aioli. The lamb was served pink and was excellent, the gnocchi was light and buttery (so amazing!) and the vegetables were stunning. I especially liked the garlic, which looked like it had just been pulled with the stalks from the garden. I was so full after that, but the food was too good to even think about stopping. After that course we received a light biscuit "ragstone" with a very mild goats cheese and carrot jam. It was such a nice treat, well-sized and very good to have after such a great main. 

Now the dessert, again so full, but luckily both desserts were so light and just wow! The first was a smoked pumpkin mousse, chocolate cream and hazelnut meringue. The pumpkin was surprisingly addicting and the hazelnuts have it a nice texture. The chocolate cream was rich, but not too sweet and it went so well with the pumpkin. The second dessert was toasted brioche, char-grilled apple, barley ice-cream and carrot and crowdie mousse. It was also to die for. The crowdie and carrot mouse was absolutely 'divine' as Paula Dean would say. It was so lovely.

The entire experience, meal and service was beyond any expectations I had and I was thoroughly impressed. It definitely is a splash and not something I would do often, but it is so worth it for a special occasion or something different. I would recommend this to anyone who is loves food and doesn't mind being served a meal selected by people who know what they are doing with food. 

If you are picky or have any dietary things they do offer to try to accommodate those, but I personally would say don't bother trying it if you aren't a wee bit adventurous. This is an experience for diners who appreciate food and can respect that it is cooked and paired exactly how it should be for you to enjoy. Let go for a change and feel pampered by some pros!
Sunday brunch/ lunch today courtesy of my wife. Outstanding cooking of beautifully fresh produce. 

Where to start ? The rhubarb Bellini. Yes that's where we started. We opted for some sharing and a main each. 
Tagliatelle with walnuts and black pudding - crunchy and spicy - it disappeared a bit sharpish! 
I had the hake with celeriac and amazing crispy kale - I guess it was dehydrated in the oven. Simply superb.my wife had the leg of mutton equally well presented. 

Finale was fought over with spoons. Sherry ice-cream, chocolate and some more rhubarb from the front garden. 

Keep it up guys. We've been fans since day 2!
 We'll be back.
I loved everything about my experience at Gardener's Cottage.

I love the fact that the old cottage I used to bus by on my way to work is now in use. I love walking through a tiny productive garden to get to the front door, I LOVE that they use slates to define the raised beds (stealing that idea), I love that the food is in season, I love that it's creative and tasty and I can't be picky or safe and I just have to eat what's in front of me (as a formerly way picky eater, this is a big deal).

I know that the concept of GC can sound pretty pretentious or, as one friend put it, a hipster's wet dream. But I found the actual execution to be laid back, friendly, and delicious, with no pretension at all.  I think maybe that the big sharing tables force you to leave your BS at the door and just enjoy the experience. I also think that the INCREDIBLE (not listed) starter of warm home made sourdough with bbq'd purple sprouting broccoli and some kind of hollandaise-ish sauce helped that whole thing too. Of course next time I go it will be something completely different, and that's cool too.

Be prepared to be wowed, ok'd, and meh'd during the course of your meal. It's highly likely you won't like everything they're serving because you pretty much have no choice in the matter (unless you really hate something that's on the menu, or have an allergy or moral issue with it).  But, that's ok because most of the experience will be great and will leave you appreciating what Scotland had to offer even more. 

Basically, loving it all the way and desperate to go back.
I think "promising" is perhaps the best word for Turquoise Thistle. Situated in the Hotel Indigo, on York Place, it's a smart restaurant space, with a nice adjoining bar area. Lunch is reasonably priced at £12.95 for two courses; £14.95 for three. It lacks something, though, and a number of the dishes have room for improvement. However, the beef shin, currently on their menu, is very good, so it's worth a visit simply to sample that dish.

So overall, we said: "Turquoise Thistle was pretty decent. I get the impression that there's a really good restaurant waiting to happen here, but things just need to be approached with a little more confidence. Dishes were well thought out, but lacked a little in the execution. The place is likely to suffer from lack of lunchtime footfall, while the tram works are going on in York Place, but will serve its hotel patrons rather nicely. I can imagine that I'll be back in the future. I hope to see them building on the success of their friendly service and stylish premises, as well as that excellent beef dish, which was a real winner."
I went for champagne afternoon tea with my husband.  
it is a bit of a mixed review because The food was fantastic but the service wasn't good at all. From our table we could see the staff standing chatting up at the back of the restaurant.  When a waitress passed all four tables that were in needed something. I had to ask for fresh tea, additional plates, milk. I appreciate that it can be a hard balance to look after your customers without fussing too much but we were left to our own devices. At no point did anyone ask if we were ok?  Even when we left, not so much as an acknowledgement from the staff. There is potential here as the food was top notch but They need to pull up their socks on service.
The place itself is fresh and bright and very comfy seating.  There was art work for sale on the wall and I was seriously tempted by a painting. 
Please see my attached pictures of our food.  The chef has done a great job putting the afternoon tea together. I am vegetarian and got a really delicious croissant with Mediterranean veg.  The little biscotti were the perfect crunch and the mini doughnut was delicious with the jam.  

I agree with the previous review by Blythe that this place has potential but a little more work needed.
I received an email questionnaire about my experiences dining at Turquoise Thistle. I have duly completed this and returned it.  I am really hopeful that they can do better going forward, it is already positive that they are looking at feedback comments.
Poor. Disappointing!

This is the 2nd ever place I've scored this low... in a month! Now either I've turned even more crabbit than normal or I've had amazingly bad luck with restaurants recently. I like to think the latter :)

This was my second visit here using an itison voucher deal. After the first crappy experience with bad service and appallingly cremated food (or i think it used to be food at some point) i vowed never to go back however someone bought my mum a voucher for her birthday and she asked me to go with her. Having such low expectations I thought "surely, it can't be worse than the last time". Boy, was I wrong! 

The voucher consisted of a cocktail and a starter and main meal each. I opted for a mojito which in the spectrum of cocktail quality was probably rated in the lower end. Very amateur, the kind anyone could rustle up in their house. NOT the quality one would expect from their "cocktail bar". However, this in itself isn't a deal breaker. 

The service was slooooooowwwwww! Far too long waiting for the drinks order to be taken, then compounded by an inexcusable wait for the starter. I'm talking about an hour!!! 

The menu was small and contained poorly designed choices in my opinion. This is either a sign of an inexperienced chef or a way to penny pinch and skimp for us pesky voucher buyers!  No decent restaurant in their right mind would offer 2 mediocre vegetarian soups in the same menu (one a chilled tomato soup at that. Yuch), and a chicken liver pâté which they replaced with salmon as they had run out. Chicken replaced with fish?!? Riiiiiight...... As a non-fish eater, after asking if the chef could do anything else for me as I didn't like any of the starter options the waitress discussed salad options, going through the types of cheeses, nuts, fruits etc i liked for including in the salad. Initially I thought it a good sign they were willing to accommodate me. After the obscenely long wait (which was explained away as the chef 'specially' preparing my salad) what appeared was a very small bowl of hairy salad (you know, the cheap, curly bitter stuff that nobody likes) dressed in olive oil (no other flavouring) and some finely sliced sun dried peppers (well I THINK they were peppers but they were so chewy and wouldn't actually break down upon chewing, they were totally inedible). The waitress had the grace to look embarrassed but I lost all respect for her when she asked me if it looked ok. I was like (whilst poking at it with my fork) "errrrrr... I'm not sure what the long wait was for. There is literally nothing in this salad". No response. After eating a couple if hairy, curly, bitter salad leaves I left it. No comment from the waitress as she sheepishly removed my plate. My mum's smoked salmon wasn't much better which was served with an unpleasantly bitter Lemon mayonnaise. 

For the main I chose loin of pork as did my mum. The only other options were sea bass and an artichoke tart. After about 40 minutes, during which we watched everyone else get served (clearly not voucher holders) and who I can only presume to be some kind of manager, crane his neck at our table from the back of the restaurant a couple of times to see if our food had arrived before scurrying into the kitchen (didn't have the balls to actually come to the table himself and apologise)... we walked out. Our Views were strongly expressed at reception as to how shoddy the experience was from start to finish and how we'd never be back. 

People who buy vouchers are not second class citizens and just because it's Prepaid does not give a restaurant the excuse to serve any old slop in whatever time frame they feel like. The fact this voucher was a gift made it even more embarrassing as we had to let the buyer know what happened so they could complain and get a refund. 

This was exactly the same during my first visit shortly after they first opened. You'd think that such a nicely decorated place, ideally situated on the east end side of queen street and attached to a "boutique" hotel would learn from their mistakes. Nope!
Went here with my friends to test out the new taster menu before the official launch of Three Birds. (Half-off, woo!)

First impressions: Similar layout to the previous restaurant Le Mouton Noir, but a bit lightened up. Great intimate and cosy vibes with approximately 9 tables. Also worth mentioning that the staff are all delightful and really knowledgable to the new menu. You would have thought they had been working there for a while. 

The menu looked delectable, and as a result we took some time in deciding. Our waitress was very attentive and enjoyed answering our questions with enthusiasm. 

There was a great mix on the menu. There is a decent selection of bites/sides along with starters and mains (about 4 or so) with a few specials on the boards. 

We went for: 

- Pigs ears with salt and aioli (see photo)
- Large Vegetarian Mezze platter with goodies such as curried lentils, kimchi, oatcakes and hummus, pickled egg with beetroot, some sort of beetroot coleslaw, amazing spicy sweet potato cakes, and Asian cucumber. All displayed on a wooden board to share. (see photo) 
- The special of oxcheeks with a star anise jus. This was a bit small. The portion was lacking for the price. 

Mains we got: 
- Eggs ontop of tomato sauce with pine nuts, goats cheese, and flat bread. This was delicious, really enjoyed it as an interesting lunch. Nice and hot and presented in a frying pan (see photo) 
- Chicken thigh with rocket and tomato slices. It was expected that we pita chips in the salad were to be crispy, however they arrived a bit soggy. There was also an absence of balsamic on the salad, when the menu clearly stated the dressing was to contain my friend's favourite vinegar. Though, the waitress promptly brought over a small carafe with balsamic to drizzle atop the chicken salad when asked. Was a struggle to cut the chicken into smaller pieces because the bowl was quite small, however the flavours were an appealing balance of lemon with sweetness of the tomatos.
- Smoked mackerel on a baguette. Looked delightful however could have used an extra piece of bread. A bit small for a main. 

Overall I'll be back. This was week 1 and it was delightful. I can't wait to see how they progress with their menu and frequent this local when I can!  
p.s they have Wi-Fi!
Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere.

From the moment we walked in we felt welcome, at ease and we were definitely well fed. My hoarse throat was noticed and some prosecco was offered, which was a nice touch.  After a vegetarian mezze platter, we then had a lovely red wine with our "Big Cow" (essentially a giant board with a big 600g steak, bag of fries and some small sides).

Dessert was a gorgeous brioche and butter pudding, and my partner had a dessert as well, but I can't remember what it was - he definitely enjoyed it however.

Perfectly cosy for our anniversary, and while more than we would normally spend on dinner out (we've had a low income for a while), it was a special occasion and well worth it.  We'll go back for sure.
Hhhhh
Great food for even better value.
Fun and great presentation of great simple food.
Friendly people and cozy place - highly recommendable.
Carrots cooked in coffee, pickled egg, the smokiest of baba ganoush, home made falafel, salsa, beetroot, bread, and fries in a little brown paper bag.

This was the main contents of my delightful, delicious meal at Three Birds. Claire and I both opted for a starter and side rather than a main. So I went for three sides: the sesame-seed chicken strips, the vegetarian mezza platter, and fries to share.

Considering that the chicken strips were only £4 I thought it would be a very small portion. I was wrong! This, alongside the vegetarian mezze and fries more than filled me. This and the fries alone would do me for lunch.

The vegetarian mezze was beautifully presented, and had the aforementioned curious and curiouser options. Claire described it as "the David Lynch of mezze platters" (we had just been talking about The Returned, and David Lynch style shows). I really, really enjoyed it - a curious journey through strong, dazzling flavours. Each small item on the mezze board had it's own distinct flavour, no wishy-washy so-so things here.

The sesame chicken was indeed coated in sesame seeds, delightfully crispy and yum.

The fact that the fries came in a brown paper bag made my day.

I'm already planning a meal back here, hopefully to get the sharing platter as a main. A whole stack of pork ribs to share, with fries and sides? Yes please.

I think I've found one of my new favourite local restaurants.
Oh my oh my!!! Did I not like this!!!!!! Yum!

Came here for a friends birthday with a very food savvy crowd of people, mainly waiters and waitresses from some of Edinburghs best eateries and I think I can say we all left very impressed with what we found.

Before starters we also had a plate of the Crispy Pig Ears, yep thats no typo...pigs ear. And im happy to report they were delicious served with a nice aioli and sea salt.

For starter I opted for the pigeon breast on a bed of peas and pine nuts. Simple cooking and really delicious. The pigeon was pink, juicy and so tender. Winter might be coming but at least that means game birds are back on the menu yuuuum!!.

For main out of a table of 14, 11 of us went for the same thing!!! The steak special cooked in a bone marrow butter. OH LORD....... I had mine rare and as well as being perfectly cooked the flavour was incredible. The marrow flavour was there to be enjoyed. Superb.

Deserb, a mango sponge with vanilla icecream. i also tried the blue cheese icrecream and the cheese board with my dining chums! All lovely!!!

The service, the wine, the evening.....lovely place.....lovely food! Cant wait to go back!!
I came here with Jenny L for a catch up dinner and to try out this tucked-away restaurant up Bruntsfield way. I went for a bowl of soup for starters, the veggie mezze platter for mains with a side of chips. I was too stuffed for pudding! 

The food here is home-made, fresh and unusual. My soup was very tasty - barley broth if I remember correctly - and was meant to come with kidney something or other (except it didn't as the kitchen was out). So an odd and interesting combo. And very nice too!

The mezze platter was weirdness personified, but not in a bad way. I've never seen a mezze plate like it (see pics!). There were some very, very strong flavours and everything struck me as just a bit out of left field. The baba ganoush was extremely smoky, there were pickled carrots that tasted like coffee and hard-boiled eggs that had something extra added. It was an odd plate of food. Just a bit weird.... I kept calling my plate the David Lynch of dinners, haha. And it was! 

I would definitely come back here to try more of the menu and find out what oddities and delights await my palate...
A-may-zing!

The boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to have lunch to celebrate us having put up with each other for five whole years, and Three Birds immediately sprung to mind. It's in an area of town that we haven't visited recently, but used to frequent in the earlier years of our relationship (alas, moving to Leith two years ago has meant we've neglected Tollcross and Bruntsfield recently) so it offered both the chance for a big old nostalgia trip and for some delicious food. And it was a good choice!

Lunchtime on a Monday meant that the restaurant was quiet, we were only joined by a table of ladies who lunch and one tourist, but that was a good thing as food and drinks were served promptly (and with a smile).

I'd already ear-marked (ho ho ho) the Crispy Pigs' Ears with aioli and sea salt, having seen them on their menu online, and was excited to try them given they're not something you typically see on menus. They were really nice, crispy and flavoursome, with the aioli and salt being perfect accompaniments.  Sure, the thicker pieces were a bit chewy but you are eating ear so what do you expect?

We opted for the two-course lunch for £9.95, starter and mains, with boyfriend going for the bbq pork belly and myself for the lamb kofta for starters. Mmmmmmm! Both were the right side of spicy and full of flavour, I could easily have eaten a bigger serving. And I loved the two toasted pittas my kofta was served with, perfect for scooping up any remaining chickpea and tomato sauce.

As for mains, well neither of us could see beyond the beef cheeks in porter, with roast potatoes and shallots. Absolutely delicious, easily the nicest thing either of us have eaten in a long time. The cheeks were beyond tender, melt-in-the-mouth, and to die for.  I also ordered a salad to keep things healthy, which came attractively decorate with petals!

We didn't have pudding, as we had a film to catch, but we will definitely be back to sample more of their delicious wares. Especially given how good value everything is, two courses for less than a tenner is fab! And our 500ml carafe of white wine was nicely priced at £8.

So, go go go to Three Birds! You won't regret it.
Ribs! A whole plate of ribs, just for me. Well, also for my partner as it was a sharing dish. But when they brought out the  big wooden board piled high with pork, beef and lamb ribs, my wee heart was singing.

In my previous review, and previous visit here, I had a wonderful array of veggie mezze with the likes of carrots soaked in coffee, home made baba ganoush, and boiled eggs pickled in...something delicious. And so, after that mid-week girl-date dinner, I knew I had to come back soon for a Saturday night boy-date.

The restaurant is quite small, and our table was very close to two others. This doesn't bother me at all, as I like a buzzing, hub bub of chatter and chowing; but the waitress did occasionally have to brush against our table in order to reach one behind us at the window. 

The menu has about 8 starter options, 5 main options and 3 'sharing platter' main options, including the ribs we had, a beef steak and something veggie too. There's also lots of side dishes, including the veggie mezze, which I had and which was delicious. 

My fish goujons I had to start were great, but the ribs stole the show. Each type of rib (beef, pork, lamb) were marinaded in a different sauce and tasted entirely different. I've never had lamb ribs before, and they tasted so good I knew they must be so bad for me. Lamb, tasty tasty fatty lamb, mmm.

Despite being full, as the mains had been so delicious, we ordered two desserts. Ice cream sundae with rhubarb compote, and a gluten free vanilla sponge with sloe gin. Both were great, really filling and generous portions.

It's a great place for a date, for a family meal, for a midi-week girl date, for a birthday dinner with friends, and for lunch I imagine. It's homely but stylish. It's great for anyone who likes delicious food. We had to book 5 days before to get a table on Saturday night, which we only had for 1.5 hours. A hidden neighbourhood gem, but evidently a very popular one to the Bruntsfield area!
This place is fabulous! I came here for date night with my beau and I cannot stop thinking about this place since! It's quite small and intimate with beautiful art work and lighting. The staff were polite and good natured. They also had great recommendations on food or wine selections. It is a bit pricey, so if you're looking for cheap this might not be the place. If you're looking for a sit-down meal with quality ingredients, great staff, and good atmosphere, this is your spot. 

We started off with crispy pig ears. AMAZING. It was exactly how I expected and perfect with a touch of sea salt. My beau had never experienced the texture and flavour before but he loved it. Then we moved on to our appetisers. I had the seared pigeon breast with picked pear. The pigeon breast was cooked so slightly and delicious, we really enjoyed the slightly earthly but light taste. My beau enjoyed the fig and goat cheese wrap sitting very deliciously on top of a beetroot yogurt. We both love fig and the goat cheese thus the combination was mind blowing. For our mains, we had the grilled seam bream and the special, grilled seatrout over a bed of couscous. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and filled with flavour. For dessert, we loved the Rocky road ice cream sundae. It was a bit unexpected and a little difficult for me to share but alas, we loved it. 

We loved the wines as well. For starters we had the col di sotto pinot grigio and finished with the Francesca Bay Pinot noir. Both excellent with our meals. 

Again, highly recommend this restaurant and I am already demanding that we go back!
Whenever I give a place five stars, I usually hum and haw for a good while beforehand, doubting myself. When it came to writing this review for Three Birds, I had no hesitation in clicking that 5 "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" stars.

I came here on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch, it was fairly busy as it very often seems to be. We were met by our very friendly and engaging hostess and took a table window. It's a fairly small place, intimate, light and bright thanks to the large glass windows.

The menu is brilliantly varied. Offering some unusual, maybe even eccentric, combinations but after eating there would have no trepidation ordering anything on the menu. It seems to change very frequently; I assume based on season and availability.

They have a great range of soft drinks; hot and cold. Lots of local beers and a nice selection of wine.

Initially, after eating well at breakfast, I intended to order light. I had a chargrilled prawn salad. The prawns were served whole (sucking out the head juice is one of the best bits!) with a lovely dressing. It was perfectly cooked, crisp and refreshing.

However, I underestimated my appetite. Having spied the seafood sharing platter contained a pot of spoots, I asked if I could have them on their own. Our hostess said she would ask and moments later the chef came to our table and told me he didn't have many left but that he would happily create something for me with what he had. After establishing I love seafood and that I was quite a fussy diner, he went back to the kitchen. Shortly after he brought me the spoots, along with delicious hunks of monkfish, asparagus, green bean and pea salad. All served with, what I kid you not, was one of the best sauces I have tasted. After finishing I even asked for a spoon, not wanting to waste a drop. Monkfish and spoots are easy to overcook and turn horribly rubbery. Not here. They were juicy, meaty and just spectacular, it was 

As I think I have already expressed, service is top notch. Friendly, relaxed and eager to please, the staff are delightful.

After asking for the bill, lunch got even better. £9.50 for a two course lunch of this quality! Quite incredible for Edinburgh.

It's worth phoning ahead as they are often very busy and I have lost out before without having a reservation at peak times. And doing what they're doing I can't see them having any trouble getting bums on seats any time soon!
A really impressive new addition to Stockbridge's already well-stocked list of lunch and dining options, The Pantry seeks to showcase local produce in some innovative and flavour-packed dishes. Still with its fresh sheen of shiny newness about the place (at time of writing, it has been open for four days), the place is light-wood, white and minimalist, with some nice tweedy touches.

The dishes on the menu all sound great, so it was quite a choice to narrow down the options. The soup I had was first-rate, and the burger, although slightly on the lean side for my tastes, packed a good deal of meaty goodness. The chips were as good as I've been served for a long while.

Overall, we said: "The Pantry is a really welcome new addition. They're still in their infancy, so in time they'll make their house more of a home, but they're starting from a really nice level, with welcoming staff, a well crafted menu, and a good, relaxed feel to the place. They have lots of nice presentational details, too, like little milk churn jugs. I look forward to further visits to the place, which will be frequent and often."
Went to the pantry for coffee. First impressions was that it was a strange space with an overwhelming smell of cooking oil from what I guess is the all day breakfast? I had a latte and a brownie so can't review what appears to be an interesting menu.  The coffee was ok and brownie was good. But... the brownie was £3 which for the size was steep.  The pantry is in a super competitive area so I hope they sort out some of these teething issues.
I want to like this place, I really do, sadly my lunch today (The Stewp on the menu which was just a very average soup with some pasta in it ) didn't live up to expectations. 

The Pantry is in a super competitive area, the staff are very friendly and welcoming, the coffee is from illy and they have a great selection of fresh cake and local produce but so do most new places in this area. A big plus is that this place gets a lot of sun and there are a few tables outside, we had lunch al fresco there today, in February, in just our shirts.  I do hope to get back and give it another try soon.
I've had a Cappuccino and it was delish ...

So will have to pop in for lunch at some point!
Not incredibly impressed. We had our breakfast here and the pancakes were not nice at all. The eggs benedict were satisfactory at best. The hollandaise sauce was hardly there and actually pretty dry. 
Overall pretty Meh. Won't be going back in a hurry.
Only been twice but I love breakfast here !  I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon, and im not even a massive fan of salmon I'll only have it occasionally!  We also got the corn fritters with relish and my goodness they were delightful!  The waiter actually told us when we were leaving that they were his grandmothers recipie how quaint!  
Its very light and airy in there and plenty of room for buggies they also have a mummioes hour i think its on tuesdays and thursdays between 3 - 4 and they provide colouring for children and you get a coffee or tea for £1.00 good deal and you dont have to worry about your children being too noisy cause i would assume its all children then ! They are great with kids and theres lots of room which is good, they dont servce alcohol yet but you can BYO which is ace !  Gorgeous selection of cakes, friendly and helpful staff and the food is actually divine!  couldnt love it more, the only bad thing is its packed on weekends so it will be hard to get a table there soon!
The Pantry is one of the latest additions to the Stockbridge culinary scene, and what a time it is for the area. Recently voted the 3rd coolest place to live in the UK the area is alive with some of the trendiest and most relaxed eateries in the city. The Pantry falls into this category for sure.

From the menu you see above the keep it small, seasonal and achievable. You won't see 30 items here just a great combination of fresh and local produce.



For starters my dining chum and I both opted for the crab & smoked salmon gazpacho! What a great dish, fresh gazpacho with fresh crab and a light smokey salmon all come together to create a great summer dish. The seasoning was spot on, just can't fault it.



For main I had the hogget with mash, seasonal greens and sauce vierge. Seasoned pink lamb, smooth mash, capers, lemon.....mint...... YUMM!!! Really it's as tasty as it looks. The lamb was so tender, again for what is a very modest place this was an accomplished dish and is the kind of food you want to demolish!



My dining chum had squid stuffed with rice, I only tried a little but again very tasty.

For desert I think made a mistake.... I had the cheese and it was very tasty as cheese goes but check this out......



Rhuuuuubarb, pannacotta wow!! Looked great, tasted great, could have been a desert in a much fancier much more expensive restaurant. These guys are really working hard and it's paying off.

To get a 3 course meal for £30 in Stockbridge is always a win in my book! It's BYOB and topping it off with a bottle from Australia's coolest wine makers Some Young Punks made for a great night.

The Pantry - Highly Jd Recommended!!!
Enjoyed the ham hash & duck egg I had in here a few weeks ago & the menu's less pricey than you'd maybe expect for Stockbridge. We had to ask for the bill twice and then eventually go in to get it & pay but that seemed to be down to them having one too few staff on for the amount of customers in that afternoon. Given that the service up to that point was good and the toilets etc. all in good order I'm happy to give the benefit of the doubt.
Was hoping for more out of The Pantry when we wandered in for a meal around noontime the other day. They were no longer serving breakfast, and we were informed that certain items on the lunch menu wouldn't be available until after 12:30. Left with a small selection of not-particularly-interesting choices, I opted for a cheese sandwich. Which was fine for a cheese sandwich, I suppose, but secretly I wanted to be eating something more exciting than a cheese sandwich. 

Service was friendly enough, and the outdoor seating area looks quite appealing. I'd go back for a coffee or maybe to give their breakfast a try, but I wouldn't bother with lunch there again - too many better choices in the neighborhood.
Service was rather hit and miss as we had to ask for the bill twice at the end of the quick lunch we'd stopped in for but no complaints about the food itself.

Like a lot of places in Edinburgh that offer on-street seating there's really not enough room between you and the road which in the case is cobbled thereby making it doubly loud when cars pass so beware of that as, due to its deserved popularity, there's a good chance you'll have to plump for one of those tables as the inside's invariably full.
The Pantry is one of our favourite places in Edinburgh. The breakfast and lunch is delicious and locally sourced. The chef has real skill and serves up comfort food with all the little details done right (eggs perfectly poached, the roast vegetables are always spectacularly done). The soups and stewps (soupy stews) are always wonderful and rotate constantly so you get a great variety. I'm a very big fan of the terrines as well which are wonderfully silky but always hearty. Great cappuccino also (and my wife loves their tea selection). 

The dinners are a real treat. They do special 2 and 3 course menus that are some of the best food for the price I've ever had. 

The service is absolutely wonderful. It's family run (and it shows). Everyone working is gracious, helpful, and knowledgeable about what they do. We've always been treated with complete kindness and hospitality, and like "regulars" from our second visit onwards. Really, the folks working there are just friendly and genuinely nice people, and are always an absolute pleasure. 

Importantly for our family, they are also VERY family friendly. They are great with kids and have excellent child amenities (including a great changing room, child seating, and a children's area with lots of toys [which our daughter is too young to use just yet]). 

I really could not recommend more highly.
I gushed on about this place when I came here first and having come back for brunch I still have to say I think the food is exceptional.

Why the loss of a star? Well to be honest its down to service and a general lack of organisation.

Like many places the Pantry is listed on TopTable.co.uk, so when looking for a place for brunch for Lucie.M and I this seemed like the perfect option. Having booked a day before we walked in to the crowded restaurant bang on the time of our booking, 6/7 people were already waiting to be seated.

As some people were being turned away, I explained I had made a booking, one quick check of their bookings and it was clear they didnt have us down - credit to him - he told us to wait and our table would be ready in just a minute. When we did sit down the table was really sticky - the very flustered waitress immediately came over and asked if we had ordered - not having seen a menu and having just sat down we said well no. This seemed to frustrate her a little.

Lucie.M opted for the build your own fry-up and I went for the East Lothian foraged mushrooms with pancetta and poached eggs.

When the food came I got a waft of one of my favourite things in the gastronomic world TRUFFLE. These lovely mushrooms has been doused in truffle oil. Oh my.........!

It was delicious, I well near licked the plate clean, Lucie was I think equally surprised and impressed by her meal, especially the veg table hash.

All in all the kitchen are knocking it out the park, front of house....get things in order and you have a real winning place!

The Pantry still comes Highly Jd Recommended.
Popped by for lunch earlier. Was a bit underwhelmed by (lack of) choice but settled on a beef toasted granary bread sandwich which was tasty enough. My two teenagers and their granny all had the same pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with red cabbage and a small poke of chips. Nice enough but not spectacular. Service was a bit pedestrian but pleasant enough. A bit more choice and a slightly more proactive service and I've have flipped to 4 stars. Will give it another go but there are better options within the whiff of a freshly made coffee around the new town/stockie border.
Straight into my top 5 restaurants in Edinburgh, despite there not being any sign of a red meat main course. Firstly, the decor is great, subtle, dark and warming. We counted 22 seats, but any more would be crammed, probably half full at 8pm on a Saturday night. We got a nice table in te corner, the best table by the window was already occupied by some young lovers, who were smiling from ear to ear.

Menu was on the simple side, but inviting with plenty of options, we had the smoked salmon and the mackarel terrine, both dishes were fantastic - but the terrine was a game changer, such depth of flavour it was amazing. FYI we got a bottle of Prosecco also (£20) and it was smooth and creamy.

Main courses, we ordered the chorizo burger and the fish pie, the chorizo being all I had hoped for, with peppercorn sauce on the side and sweet potato home fries... Amazing!

Cheese and Eton mess for dessert, nespresso coffee and we couldn't fault it a bit... Get in there now before they are queuing out the door - 5 out of 5!
Opening in a quiet way, on a side street I don't often walk by, I had heard of Field through the two previous 5-star Yelp reviews. After giving the menu a peruse online, I couldn't wait to try it.

I really like the simplicty of the name: Field. From that, so much can be deduced. From Field to plate. As they say on their website, their aim is to showcase the best of local, Scottish produce and serve it in simple but beautiful ways. 

I went for lunch on a Lunch Quest with Blythe R, Katey L and Blythe's friend. Between the four of us we tried several different dishes. They have a fantastic deal on lunch: £11.50 for two courses. I, accidentally, didn't realise that it was only asterixed items on the menu, so didn't get this deal in the end. But if you follow it, it's fantastic value.

I rarely start with soup, but the apple and celeriac soup sounded so good I had to have it. And in Blythe R's accompany (the Soup King of Edinburgh) I felt I should go the soup route. I'm so glad I did. With a walnut on top, I could taste both walnut and apple very strongly, but not overpoweringly, in the soup. And it had such a nice, light texture more like a velouté - well, half way between a foamy, airy velouté and a hearty soup. It was at once filling, and rich in flavour, but also delicate on the palate and light enough I could manage it all and (half) my main.

My grilled salmon fillet with potato croquettes and peppers? Divine. Absolutely divine. On my first mouthful I felt like I'd been transported to sitting on a mediteranean beach-front restaurant, eating freshly caught fish, grilled in the mediteranean fashion on a sun-soaked summer holiday. All of that feeling and memories from one mouthful. It was beautifully fresh fish, cooked perfectly with that nice grilled taste. My only regret was that there weren't more potato croquettes with it. Given that Blythe's hake came with a big stack of chunky chips, my salmon fillet had a modest 3 potato croquettes which were on the small side themselves. But I'm just being greedy.

I didn't have dessert, but was sorely tempted by the baked pineapple with gingerbread. That is my sort of dessert. Fruity, but with some rich, gingery, cakey goodness. 

I have already decided to come back here, and am already torn between the maple-glazed duck as a main, or the hake which came with ratotouille (favourite) and whether to have a dessert or another starter. Hmmm.

The restaurant itself was perfect for a mid-week lunch. A sunny day, the room small room as lit up with outside light. The music was perfect (background jazz-type music). I've been in several fine dining restaurants recently where the music was odd and set a strange vibe. So I did notice a very nice ambience created by the soundtrack. It was full at lunch time with laid back lunchers like us. 

I can't wait to go back, and do hope it stays popular yet not overly packed in a 'so hot right now' way. I can see Field going from strength to strength and can't wait to see what next season will bring on the menu.
As Jenny L. has already said, we had a quite spectacularly enjoyable visit to Field, a couple of weeks ago. Truly, it's a wonderful new addition to our varied and delectable Edinburgh dining scene. It offers excellent, well thought out and executed dishes, for a very reasonable price. Go soon and go often, to enjoy their seasonally changing menu.

Overall, we said: "I found Field to be an extremely high-quality establishment. The really pleasing thing is that while our visit, today, was filled with excellence, from start to finish, this felt like a comfortable level of class from which stellar brilliance can develop. I'm confident that Field can grow to become one of Edinburgh's premier dining spots. Certainly, I'll be back for another visit soon, as I was highly impressed by their soup, their service, and the general ambience of jocular suavity that permeated the place."
WHEN YOU THINK of the name Field, you think of grassy pastures, hills and fresh air.  Field's mission statement is to take the concepts of Michelin dining and turn it into a relaxed affair and that's a breath of fresh air indeed.

Opening in January of this year, the restaurant is run by an ambitious team who have taken their experiences from several notable establishments and put their own spin on fine dining.

Chef Gordon Craig for example, has worked at the Roux family's Waterside Inn, the Michelin starred Peat Inn and the Plumed Horse, while Maître D' Richard Conway worked at the later as restaurant manager.

My partner Sarah couldn't manage to this one, so I invited my brother Chris instead and he kindly added some professional photography skills to my humble blog. 

Richard greeted us warmly when we arrived  and we admired the freshness and feel of the dining area as the sunshine beamed through the windows. 

Instantly relaxed, you could tell there was going to be no pretention about Field and the giant cow picture brought both a talking point and a statement about the ethos of the restaurant.

Our menus came playfully in a luminous green picture frames and offered an intriguing mix of seasonal dishes.  

As we awaited our order, we tucked into some delicious homemade sun dried tomato bread.  Always pleasing to see bread being made in house.

Chris opted for the asparagus, poached egg, parmesan crisp and pickled shimeji (£5.95), while I went for beetroot cured Scottish salmon, citrus crème fraiche, raisin and caper compote, pickled peppers and crispy crab ball (£5.25).

My starter was the perfect choice for a summery day: fresh, clean, light and zingy, it utilised the colours on the plate well and showed off some good quality ingredients.

The salmon was wonderfully tender and paired well with the bite of the pickled peppers. The citrus of the crème fraiche and flavours of the compote really excited the palette. The crab ball was crisp and had a pleasant note of dill through it, which I really liked.

Chris's asparagus came nicely chargrilled and still had suitable bite to it.  He burst the egg yolk to release a rich and velvety liquid centre that complimented the asparagus. The pickled mushroom gave a good contrast to the plate too, while the sauce brought it together. 

This dish was simple yet effective and the chef really allows the ingredients to do the talking.

I'm a man who really enjoys a good burger and after a fellow blogger recommended Field's chorizo burger (£9.95)  earlier in the week, my mind was already made up on my main course.

Moist and tasty, the burger didn't disappoint.  It was a tad pink in places, which would probably put a few people off but I like my meat that way and gladly polished it off.  The sweet potato chips were very earthy and without a hint of grease on them.   

However, the spicy mayo could have done with a bit more oomph for me.

Enjoying his first Phil's Food World outing, Chris went for the pan friend hake with creamed sweetcorn, avocado, chorizo and chunky chips (£11.95). 

The hake was very fresh and the flesh inside soft and flaky but we felt the skin could have been crisper.  Chris enjoyed the creamed sweetcorn in particular, as it partnered the fish superbly and was well seasoned and vibrant.   

You could tell the perfectly uniform manner in which the chorizo and avocado had been cut that this is a chef that cares what comes out of his kitchen.

Chris's generous portion of chips was equally as good as mine, which shows a good level of consistency and they dipped nicely into the creamed corn too!

So, to the third and final course and I went for coconut panna cotta with roasted pineapple and creamed gingerbread (£4.95) with Chris selecting peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream (£5.50).

The panna cotta was just set and no more and tasted pleasant.  The coconut on the outside added texture and enhanced the coconut taste of the mild set cream.

The pineapple in this Caribbean inspired dish worked with the coconut but could have been roasted a little more to add another dimension of flavour.  Unfortunately, I didn't really get anything from the gingerbread cream element.

Chris ordered peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream and was impressed with the way the home-made ice cream balanced out the sharpness of syrup. The tart itself was very tasty and the pastry was expertly cooked. The ice cream was certainly a notable highlight of this pudding.

Field has only been open around six months and is certainly one to watch. The team's philosophies and menus are excellent and extremely good value for money. It'll be interesting to see the restaurant develop in the near future.

I have to say it's certainly one of the friendliest and most relaxing restaurants I've visited in a while.
It's small but simple.

But by jee ... the menu was full of dishes that i wanted - this is good.  

The food was damn tasty!  The service was a dream - friendly, polite and knowledgable.  The prices were good, in fact really good for this part of town and what we were getting.  The wine was delicious.

I'm keeping this review short and sweet as I'll be doing a longer one on my blog!

Please go here - you will not regret it!
We visited in September, and I was glad we had booked a table as this small and cost restaurant was busy on a Friday night. 

I had Samlon to start which was lovely and cheap at 5.95 I think. 

Main was Maple Glazed Duck Breast with Wild Mushroom Samosa, Grilled Pak Choi, Sweet Potato Fondant & Chartreuse Sauce (£13.50) My partner had one of the Fish dishes which was absolutely delish! A big juicy portion of Hake with a huge stack of chips - they boy was in heaven!
Dessert was Chocolate Pave with Caramelised Banana, Toasted Pine Nuts & Peanut Butter Ice Cream (£5.50). I was intrigued by the peanut butter ice cream and worried it wouldn't quite work but, oh my, it really did. The saltiness and the sweetness go together really well and this was a stand-out component of a really great pud!

There's a good choice of wines on offer we had a fantastic Sancerre and they also have one of my favourite dessert wines Tokaji that was gorgeous. 

All in all this is a great little gem of a restaurant with all the taste and technique of high quality dining without any of the pomposity or any suggestion of over-pricing. I'll definitely be visiting again...
Stunning, stunning, stunning!

I love Field, was there twice in the same month and have already booked again for an upcoming special occasion. It is THAT good. Small, cute, seats about 22 covers and is the perfect venue for all occasions - friends dining, family gatherings, romantic nights or just a girly catch up night, it is perfect for all! Focus is on local sourcing and showcasing the best of ingredients. Sample menu's on-line but subject to change as it is all about what is seasonal and available at the time.

Went firstly for my birthday. Blythe R had been raving about it for ages and particularly had pointed out how amazing they were for gluten free so with that recommendation, it was on the to-do list. We were a party of seven and everyone kept saying how much they loved their dinner - like Carol W, I had the maple glazed duck, wild mushroom samosa (yep, gf!), grilled pak choi, sweet potato fondant and chartreuse sauce and it was all divine! I had also started with the Salmon so when it came to dessert, I passed to instead have tea. 

Well, I thought I wouldn't have dessert. Two of the girls ordered dessert and as we all tried and started making Meg Ryan sex noises (think sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally) as it was THAT good, I ordered dessert and shared it round all the non dessert eaters. So - the dessert in question? A jaffa cake macaroon - completely gluten free - macaroon base, chocolate sorbet, orangey centre, cream and little chocolate dome to hide the orangey goodness then it is amazing, hence the 2nd visit.

Second visit was really for dessert but we figured we needed a main first and a gorgeous bottle of Yealand Sauv Blanc - as you do. Again, stunning food and that dessert - OMG! 

Consistently amazing food, great wine list and fantastic service, I just feel that no matter how I write about Field, I'm not doing it justice - bravo!
A friend recommended this restaurant and kept pestering me to call for a booking. I am SO glad she did!

We called the evening before and they were able to squeeze us in for a 5:30 pm reservation on a Friday night (in November). We were the first to arrive but were not made to feel like we were imposing on the staff. Very small restaurant, was giddy excited they could fit us in on such short notice. 
Service was friendly and very comfortable. No issue ordering tap water and it was refilled!  Oh and this was no regular tap water, it was cucumber and mint infused!

If you dine early, there is a pre-fix menu. I chose the three course for £14.95 (two for £11.95). My starter was the mussel saffron tagliatelle. Aside from the color, saffron didn't come through much and it was interesting to see the mussels out of the shell but this was a nice size for a starter and nice flavors.
I couldn't resist the pork chop over pearl barley risotto BUT was worried the pork would be over-cooked and risotto bland. NOT AT ALL. The pork was perfectly cooked (pre-sliced for me) and the fat cripsy and salty. The pearl barley risotto was nice and milky. The sliced apple pieces provided a good cut to lighten the taste and add to the texture. This was a stand out dish. I finished it with the chocolate brownie and peanut butter ice cream (which i shared with my dining companion). The brownie tasted sugarless and flourless (not in a good way), but the ice cream (made in the restaurant) was decadent. Exactly what an American living in London missing peanut butter needed. 
I also recommend the Sicilian bottle of Shiraz. Very surprised at how smooth it was.

There is a reason this is not five stars - and it's because of my companion's meal. it really didn't measure up. The butternut squash soup to begin was good but the entree - vegetarian: Butternut Squash Risotto Log, Fennel Quiche & Warm Gorgonzola was a miss. It was as if three appetizers were put on one plate with nothing tying them together. And even individually, none were above average. She agreed though my choices were stand out.

All in all, this restaurant was very reasonably priced, attentive service, and great food. I'd go back in a second if in Edinburgh. Call now!
Probably one of my absolute favourite restaurants in Edinburgh.

It's small, it's cozy, the service is impeccable and the food is simple but amazing. The price point is entirely spot on as well. Actually the price point is a steal for what you are getting. I've paid a lot more for a lot less at 'flasher' restaurants around town.

Their wine list is fabulous as well.

I've not had a bad meal here and I've had quite a few, do yourself a favour and eat here. Just make sure you book. With a capacity for about 20, it fills up quickly!!
Ah! Here I go again giving reviews to places I've never been! But...have faith dear reader - don't stop reading just yet! 

If Field's in-house service is anything near as good as it's online customer service I'm pretty confident they could serve me poop on a plate and I would forgive it! I wanted to get friends a gift card here as a thank you and chose Field because of its impeccable Yelp reveiws! 

The menu looks AMAZING and it's killing me that I didn't eat here when I was over for New Years but... fast forward to February and upon emailing Field with my request for a gift card to be mailed by Field to my friend's address in Edinburgh, with a Thank You note, I half expected them to virtually spit in my face. Instead I was greeted with a lovely email back, informing me that they were happy to do this AND I didn't need to send extra postage for them to send this - as they were just happy that I chose them out of all the restaurants in Edinburgh. 

As a former Edinburgh resident, I'm aching to try this place but all you lovely people in the Burgh' give it a try and let me know how it is! :) 5 stars for service from me! 

Cheers, 
Megan
When Moray L and I fancied one of our dinner and catchup evenings near to her work, Field sprang to mind as a place I'd been meaning to try for ages. And with a dinner earlybird "pre-theatre" for £14.95 it was hard to find a reason not to!

I was excited, given the swathes of five-star reviews it's been garnering, but also tentative. I needn't have been, because wowee, what a place!

My starter, sauteed wild mushrooms on toasted brioche, was paradise. I want to eat it every day for the rest of my life. There was nothing, nothing, nothing not to love about it, except that it was over when I had eaten it all. That made me sad.

But not for long, because steering towards me at a goodly rate of knots was a glee dream of a sea bream. I deliberately avoided the chicken offered on the menu because I ALWAYS have chicken, so I took a risk on a fishy I'd never had before and boy, am I glad I did. Crispy skin, melt-in-the-mouth flesh, and the peas with bacon were an incredibly rich and delicious addition. In fact, if anything, with the chips involved as well there was almost too much here and I was struggling toward the end, with a shivering fear that pudding might elude me.

Pudding, I say with such relieved gratitude that you may picture me falling to my knees, did not elude me. Pudding enchanted me. Pudding was a cherry mouse with chocolate sorbet, not too sweet but seriously sophisticated and just... ugh, too good.

Another lovely touch in this adorably dinky little restaurant is the constant top-ups of cucumber water. I'm also a big fan of the giant bull painting on the wall - thematic, but quirky.

Yep, this is a helluva place. It is very likely to become my standard go-to before a night at the Festival Theatre. Thank you, lovely Field!
I've been meaning to review for ages and have not hesitation adding to the five stars. I've now been to Field maybe 5/6 times. Richard and Rachel are doing a tremendous job.  The menu is regularly refreshed, they've a great wine list and top food with a twist. Keep it up guys and thank you.
My oh my did we have a delicious meal here last night. 

This was our second visit to Field, but our first time to enjoy their A la carte menu, as we opted for the pre-theatre deal last time. 

The restaurant itself is small and cosy, with stylish grey decor, a large cow canvas on one wall, and various farm animals dotted around. The staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming and the service was great. 

To start we shared the Chicken, Pancetta, Feta & Roast Red Pepper Ballotine 
with Wild Mushroom Samosa- it was deeeelish! Well, that was after they had brought us delicious (freshly baked) roasted red pepper rolls. They were amazing, warm bready, buttery goodness! Next up I had the Slow Cooked Pork Belly, Citrus Fennel, Baked Avocado with Sweetcorn & Chorizo Gratin, Ponzu Sauce which was lovely. The meat was the softest meltiest pork belly I have ever eaten and the baked avocado was amazing! The boy went for the Smoked Duck Breast with Celeriac Remoulade, Celeriac Chips & Spiced Apple which he really enjoyed and both dishes were beautifully presented. To finish we shared the Pink praline tart which was also very pretty and came with a lovely almond ice cream. 

If you fancy a delicious meal out for slightly less, their pre-theatre menu is excellent good value with 2 courses for around 12 pounds or 3 for 15.

Overall a very delicious meal, a great atmosphere and a very lovely evening out.
If you want a top notch dining experience, you just have to go to Field. I went there with a big group last night and we were all blown away by the quality of the food, the wine and the service!

The menu is short and simple, which is a good sign as you immediately know everything on there's going to be well done. There's no filler dishes - they're all there for a reason - and from what I tasted and saw around the table, the standard of dish was consistently high!

I opted for the chicken starter and the pork belly main and loved them both. The chicken starter was brought out on a beautiful wooden platter and arranged wonderfully, with bursts of colour and delicate placement. The flavours were great in this dish and it had enough different aspects - the chicken, the samosa, the feta stuffed peppers - to make it an exciting start to the meal. 

When my main arrived I was equally as impressed. The baked avocado was insane. I mean it was, quite literally, mind-boggingly delicious. Baked to perfection and topped with cheese, chorizo and sweetcorn it was just one of the tastiest combos I have ever had. It sat alongside the pork belly really well and is something I will absolutely be making (attempting) at home. The pork itself was beautifully cooked but lacked a slight crispiness that I would have enjoyed. The fat was a little thick and soft for my taste, but otherwise the meat was flavoured wonderfully.

To top it all off, we shared desserts for the table and, though I can't recall what each of them was, they were all super tasty and very beautiful! 

Field is just hitting the nail on the head here. With some of the most attentive staff I've ever come across and the perfect vibe of a cosy by still atmospheric venue, Field ticks all the boxes for me. If only it were in Brighton... I'll have to make sure I get back up to Edinburgh again soon to taste some more of it's delights.
What an exceptional restaurant! Delicious food which is immaculately presented and a lovely, cosy atmosphere made this the perfect place to finish off my work trip to Edinburgh. 

I love the small menu here - just 4 options for starters and mains (as well as one special) means you know that they're only dishing up the best of the best dishes. I couldn't go past the beetroot cured salmon, avocado mayonnaise, beetroot, passion fruit "cannelloni" & crispy crab ball - that's at least 5 of my favourite foods, all magically combined in one dish. And for the crazy price of £5.95 for a starter. The dish was bright, colourful, delicate, and everything was drawn together by the delicious avocado mayonnaise. Absolute heaven on a plate. 

For mains I went for the smoked duck breast with celeriac remoulade, celeriac chips & spiced apple. I cheekily asked if I could have a side of the avocado that goes with the pork belly - baked avocado with sweet corn & chorizo gratin which wasn't a problem and I was delighted that I got this addiction as it was so sweet and creamy, the salty chorizo and pops of corn meant I wolfed this down pretty quickly. The duck was excellent with crispy skin and nice and juicy inside. With a ring of accompaniments dotted around the plate, it looked more like an artwork than something I should be eating. 

I was pretty full but as a group we got some desserts to share, so I had some of the mojito sorbet which was lovely and refreshing, the perfect way to finish a decadent meal. When I asked the waiter about dairy free options he was all set to go and get the kitchen to whip something up just for me which was really kind of him, but I declined because I knew there was no way I could eat a whole dessert at this stage! 

For such a great meal I thought the prices were really reasonable - just over £20 for two courses. There was a really decent selection of wines and the viognier we were drinking was light and refreshing. Service was great and never far away (the restaurant is really small so I guess that's quite easy to keep on top of). I'd definitely head back here when in Edinburgh and would even go so far as heading to Edinburgh just to eat here, it's that good.
Now this is what I'm talking about! Talk about a neighbourhood restaurant with it being so relaxed that there's a real feeling of sitting in someone's living room, but one that serves top notch grub at the same time. 

Big shout out to Jenny L who kept upping the ante all week with quality meals coming at every single corner and for our final night came up with this quality experience! 

I'd have to say that I'm going to recommend this place to anyone who will listen to me about where to go for a really special dining experience without breaking the bank. I went for the Beetroot cured salmon to start with which was served with a wonderful avocado mayo and crispy crab ball followed by the pork belly which basically just fell apart it was that tender! Loads of people went for the specials board steak which was amazing too (I always try to make 'please share with me eyes' across the table) but I felt comfortable in my decision to go for the pork - so, so good! 

So ambience was easily a 5, the food was a 5 too so why the 4 star Yelp review? Again it was the beer selection that let the place down - 2 bottles on offer -  one was a local lager that was ok and Peroni - WTF? In fact the waiter sold me the local lager as basically a "don't worry it's not too hoppy" which is like saying to me don't worry about the food it's not that tasty. If they can ditch the Peroni and bring in a couple of proper beers that would massively compliment the food then I may even start lobbying Yelp to introduce a 6 star for reviews...
Comfy and tasty! Lovely place. Awesome location.
I'd not been here since it changed from Assembly, but was in the area recently and thought I'd give it a go. Visually it hasn't changed much, but gone are the excellent £5 main course options that Assembly was known for and in are average (verging on pricey) priced burgers, pastas etc. I had the Dunsyre burger which was fine, patty a little bland but a good size and the skinny fries were nice (could have done with more though!). Service was a little slow, but the waitress was friendly. What has bumped Bristo up from a 3 to a 4 for me though is the fact that they serve West beers - oh what a lovely site to behold, the West chalkboard of deliciousness! Not quite the full complement, but a better selection than most pubs in Edinburgh who, if you're lucky, sell bottled St Mungo at best. If I'm in the area I'll probably return, and it's always good to know where serves West!
The Bristo Bar deserves 5 stars. It's cheap, the food is tasty, and the service is up to par with Canadian standards (that's a good thing!) 

One day it seemed as Assembly had magically turned into the Bristo Bar. I was intrigued. I've been a handful of times for mid-week lunch and a few times for after work beverages. Each time, my experience warrants five stars. I'm very impressed with the service. The servers I have had have been very knowledgeable, welcoming, kind, and overall in good spirits - essentially everything you wanted in a server. 

I normally go for the club sandwich, which with fries is four pounds. It's delicious. I've also had their halloumi sandwich, and it was great. It comes with a very generous portion of halloumi cheese. 

The drinks are cheap (it is across from Edinburgh Uni, after all). A pint of West lager is under 3 pounds. If you haven't had a West beer yet (Glaswegian brewery) definitely check it out. I'm a big fan of their wheat beer. 

The venue looks fairly similar to what Assembly looked like - but that's fine.

I'll say the Bristo Bar has the best service I have encountered in Edinburgh. Do check them out!
My wife and I were invited to Aizle (remember, rhymes with Hazel) for their 'pre-open' night, and found ourselves to be the very first customers to walk through the door. 
Aizle has a new concept to dining, where the food is as fresh as it gets! There is no traditional set menu as their website explains, instead the husband & wife (Stuart the chef and Krystal the mixologist) duo have the freedom to use the freshest ingredients from farms and suppliers. You are given a list of all the ingredients and where they come from, which is a great touch.
The restaurant is slightly rustic and modern, with cool chilled out music and very friendly staff. For a restaurant that isn't huge it does have a bar that you can sit at and try some of Krystal's own cocktails, there is a good size wine list, and finally a restaurant that hasn't stopped there but has added some decent beers for the beer drinkers. I had the Kindl Berliner Weisse, which is a fresh sour wheat beer and perfect with the fresh seafood that was coming out.
All the food that we ate came from a tasting menu, and was some of the freshest and tastiest we have had. The oysters were the best I have tried. The veal tongue was a new one and was gorgeous, the hake was so fresh and soft it still tasted like the ocean. One of the highlights for me was the pig's cheek, so tender and just melted in the mouth.

Can't wait to go back and take friends, and glad we will always be remembered as the first people to eat here.
Can seriously recommend it!
As per the previous review my boyfriend and I were also invited to the pre-opening night! He had explained to me the new concept they were going for with a list of ingredients as your menu and then a 'taster' type menu of 6 courses based on this. Well we weren't disappointed, the food was delicious and fresh, each course beautifully presented and service fantastic! I won't go into too much detail as the previous review has explained it perfectly! I recommend you give this place a try if you're open to different combinations of ingredients and would enjoy a surprise as each course arrives! Cannot fault anything and will definitely be returning! Have heard the price will be very amenable too for the quality of produce and number of courses you are getting :) a great new restaurant and innovative idea!
The majority of the food was tasty and obviously prepared by a skilled chef, but I had too many issues with Aizle to feel I want to return. From the list of ingredients many were not presented to us in any dishes. The 4 courses turned out to be 7 or 8 and there were significant gaps between each, which all took only moments to consume. Maybe I just don't enjoy this kind of dining experience, but we were there for 2 and a half hours and it felt like it was dragging. The cocktails were nice but not amazing, The service was over the top - being interrupted constantly to fill wine and water glasses became more than annoying and we felt that we kept having to stop talking for our own privacy. Didn't seem to fit the otherwise quite casual dining room and presentation of the staff.  It is a really nice fit-out inside. But not my kind of place.
Aizle has no menu, just a list of ingredients that may or may not show up in your food, plus a chance to explain your dietary restrictions. The meal consists of five creative courses inspired by seasonal, local produce. 

Aizle is getting 5 stars from me because every single course delivered. Each dish brought interesting flavors to my tongue - there were no duds, no fillers. Just tastiness. The second course involved perhaps the yummiest carrots I have ever eaten.  

I opted for the drinks pairing, which included a beer, three wines, and a cocktail (all small servings). The beverages complemented the food well. The cocktail (a strawberry concoction, the type of thing I would usually avoid) was particularly delicious. I'm looking forward to trying some more of their house cocktails on our next visit, which will be very soon.