This place is great for fish and chips. They have beer battered halibut in addition to the standard cod. This is what I usually order since I enjoy it so much, especially since it is almost impossible to find anyone who uses halibut for fish & chips. The other items on the menu are decent enough, we have never had a bad meal here. 
I wanted to give it a higher rating but they recently changed the menu up a bit, instead of raising their prices, they made the portions smaller for the same price. This bugs me. You used to get 3 large pieces of fish for $12.99, now you get 2 medium sized pieces. 
Service is ok, have had better but have had worse.
This place is great!   I've never had a bad meal here.  The clam chowder is some of the best that I've ever had.  Tonight I had the crab legs.  My husband had lemon dill crusted orange roughy.  It was one of the best fish dishes that I have ever tried.
This used to be the best, a little pricey, but delicious when they were located by Fiesta Mall.  But, now it's just overpriced small portions which are still very good tasting.  You pretty much need to order 2 fish and chip dinners to get 1 good meal which makes the price absolutely ridiculous.  Another great classic food joint that moved into an expensive lease and now can't remember what made them successful.  Too bad.
In what used to be home to the Sloppy Lobster (or something like that), this little seafood market made its new home.

Went out on a limb to make sushi at home (yes, experimental) one weekend and figured I'd try the place. I knew nothing going in.

The manager on staff was super helpful, pointing out customer favorites, as well as his own.  He gave us some squid slaw samples that I wouldn't touch, but the girlfriend threw it in the fridge and I don't think it's moved yet.  Oops.  She loved it.

Anyway, he gave us a few top choices for which type of fish to include and what would fit in a decent budget.  Went home with 3 different types of seafood for sushi.

The sushi experiment itself was messy, but delicious.  $30 worth of fish fed 8 hungry people.  Not bad, when compared to the 200+ you'd spend for that same group out at any other sushi restaurant.  Get your hands dirty, make some sushi from this place, save some dough.

This place also has a counter where you can order fried seafood and sandwiches to go, all priced reasonably cheap.  Will be back to try it.
Best source of seafood in town. Great quality and very knowledgable staff.  Our go to place for all things seafood.  They also have some great soups and takeout meals.
Stopped by while in from out of town. Dad and I got cod sandwich, seared tuna sandwich, and clam chowder. We split all three items.

Sandwiches were very good. Nice teriyaki type sauce on the Tuna, and cod was perfectly crispy. Rolls served on weren't too much or too little. 

Clam chowder was good but didn't have enough clam. It was basically potato chowder.

Service was excellent. Staff checked with us multiple times and even refilled my water. Doesnt sound like much, but this place is more of a seafood market than it is a lunch sit down establishment. Regardless, they treated us well and I'd be back again.
Great selection of fresh seafood and seafood dishes. Everything is marked clearly, so you can tell what was frozen, farm-raised, etc. Stop in for the fried Daily Catch, Cod or Salmon for the tastiest fish you'll eat in town. The counter staff is friendly and helpful. There is a stand up/bar stool area for eating there, but no comfortable sit down tables.
The staff is always friendly, very knowledgeable. Great selection and quality seafood.
Great and very fresh wide selection of seafood.  Tim behind the counter is ver y helpful.  They have all sorts of seafood flown in from everywhere.. crabs from Maryland, oysters from the east and california.. sushi grade tuna and salmon.  I'll visit this place every time I'm in Madison.
Do you like seafood? SEE FOOD! No, but seriously. If you love fresh fish but you're not in the mood for trout, blue gill, and other local freshwater species, Seafood Center is where it's at. Located in an unassuming strip mall (like so many other gems in Madison), I was greeted by friendly employees and two display cases bursting with clams, salmon, wahoo, mussels, crab, shrimp, and even some Dabob oysters! I nabbed some wild Alaskan halibut for only $16.99 a pound--sometimes this is a steal even in my hometown of Seattle.

I perused the "to-go" menu of various fried treats and chatted with the owner. Upon hearing that I was new to town, he said he wanted to do for me what someone did for him when he first moved to Madison. He wrote down a list of a few hidden gems--specialty food stores--that I should check out. Score! All in all, in the land-locked Midwest, Seafood Center reminds me that it's a small world after all and a taste of home is just a plane ride away (in a refrigerated case of halibut).
One of the best seafood markets in Madison, with competitive prices.  The rating is based on available options in the Madison area - this isn't Pike Place or anything.

They have both frozen and fresh seafood with a very nice selection.  They carry the standards, like salmon, various whitefish, shrimp, scallops, live and frozen lobster, crab legs, etc., but also have some of the harder to find items like sashimi grade tuna, opa, blue marlin, skate wing, swordfish, prawns, clams, and oysters.  I think they're the only place in Madison that carries Laughing Bird shrimp.

Now I can't guarantee that they'll have everything listed there when you go, as they do have somewhat of a rotating inventory based on availability and fishing seasons, but I've always been able to special order something if they didn't have it.

Monday through Saturday, they also have carry out, if you're looking for some fried catfish, or shrimp, or cod, or calamari - that kind of thing - check out their website for a menu: http://www.madseafood.com/Carryout.nxg    They also have smoked fish available.  There is no seating, pick up only.

There's other seafood-related sundries there too, like marinades, sauces, breading, spices, and sides if you need ideas on preparing the main dish.

The staff is very knowledgeable, and can help you with recipe, cooking, and pairing questions.  They'll also skin the fish for you too if you ask.

They have an Old Sauk road location (which I think has some tables if you're looking to eat there) and a satellite in the Willy St. Co-op, but I prefer the Whitney Way store - if only for familiarity's sake.
Go there for the Fish n Chips! Yeah, I know, they have have fresh seafood and all that but I go there for the fried kind. Depending on what type of fish you get it will run you $6-$7 and you get some nicely cooked fish, chips, coleslaw and tartar.  Very consistent with the food and nice employee's to boot. 
They only do take-out and unless things have changed they don't do the chips on Sunday, They also have a tank full of lobsters to entertain you while they cook your order!
The best place to get good seafood in Madison.  The staff here (and their other locations) has always been very friendly and knowledgeable.  We go here for fresh oysters and sushi-grade fish among other things.  They also have a good carry out menu with mostly fried seafood.  Fish fry is good and the fried scallops and other shellfish are cooked perfectly.  Never chewy.
The first time we here was the first time we were making sushi at home and not only did we get great fish, we got a lot of advice about making rolls and a great recipe for a spicy tuna roll.
It is expensive, but its madison and until they start pulling tuna out of lake mendota, it will always cost more.
I saw this place rated highly on Yelp and had a hankering for some Fish and Chips so I headed on down there.  The place is small but they look to have a lot of great fresh seafood pickings.  My food was ready when I got there.  I wanted lunch and dinner so I got a shrimp fish and chips for lunch and a cod fish and chips for dinner, with a side of pasta salad and some New England clam chowder.  They were out of warm soup but I got the cold and re-heated.

Everything was superb, the shrimp was was large and the fish was very crisp and best of all, not greasy at all.  You'd hardly know it was fried in fact as it wasn't the least bit greasy and therefor didn't taste of grease at all (a common problem I've had at some places where I get fish and chips, greasiness=queasiness).  Fries were simply delicious, I usually throw some away as I'm not real big on french fries but none of these saw the trash can. The pasta salad was amazing and the soup was fantastic as well.  They also had a big basket of lemons of which I bought for desert (I love to eat raw lemons) and they were quite tasty too.

All in all it was about $30 for everything.  Not bad at all considering it was top quality and delicious and I got about 3 1/2 meals out of the whole thing.  A fantastic value.  I don't eat seafood like this alot but I'd eat here a ton if I was a Madison resident.  The only con I can think of is I'd like more of the chips (batter-not fries) like Long John Silvers gives you when you get their cheap fish.  Add that and this place would be absolutely perfect.  

Remember - carryout only!

NOTE: On my pic of the shrimp fish and chips dinner I did eat a piece of the shrimp before I took the pic so take that into consideration as to how much shrimp you actually get with the meal.
I stopped here based upon the good reviews and because a local Madison personality buys all his fish from here.   I was not disappointed.
Really good prices.   The carry out price is a great deal and the food was excellent on our first order.  Deep fried cod of large proportion, tender, moist, excellent breading and good flavor.   The tartar sauce was quite good and so was the coleslaw.   
I also ordered some lobster bisque and one smoked whitefish which I haven't tried yet.
Everyone behind the counter was engaged in helping customers and very nice.
We will be back.
They actually didn't have some fish I was looking for but I might be able to order it so I won't give them a negative for that.  Can I get Chilean Sea Bass or Branzini?  I suspect so.  later folks.
Worst cod sandwich I've ever tried to eat... I gave my dog the rest.
Gave them a 2nd chance, tried the "sampler" well, it beat the hell out of the cod sandwich...

My Dad became really sick after eating here based on either food poisoning or some sort of virus from improper hand washing..
We only checked this place out because of the other positive reviews on Yelp, and I'm glad we did...

We had the Cod basket and Shrimp basket, both came with tatar/cocktail sauce, fries and coleslaw.  Each were cooked to order, so there was a small wait but again worth it.

There is no dining-in, but we were happy eating in our car :)

Really reminds me of Hagens Fish market in Chicago (Portage Park)
Madison may as well be located in the high desert when it comes to QUALITY seafood... well, actually, that's not true - I've had some of the most amazing sashimi of my entire life while in Joshua Tree, California.  So much for that analogy.

But you get my point - Madison consumers don't have many options for fresh, quality fish, nor do we have a ton of knowledgable fish mongers to work with.

We do, however, have The Seafood Center!  And, holy catfish (sorry Angie from FTS), are these guys awesome!  

I felt like making fish tacos last night, so we fired-up Yelp and found a few recommendations for fresh seafood.  My first choice, "Seafood Center" on Junction Road closed on January 1.  In a panic, I raced over to this location and was relieved to find them open, and very busy.

The location is small, but don't let the size deter you - they are packed to the gills with fantastic fish.  There's also a kitchen in the back that offers a variety of deep fried piscine platters, but I was there for the uncooked stuff.

A super friendly monger asked if he could assist me with anything.  I told him I was planning to do some grilled fish tacos and was considering Halibut, Tilapia, or Mahi.

He immediately offered that they were out of Mahi, and that he only had about half-a-pound of Halibut left.  The Tilapia, while farmed, was fresh and would be "fine" for a taco.  He then suggested I check out the Corvina - it had arrived earlier in the day, was line caught, and would be superb for grilling.  He offered me a smell of the fish - it was completely odorless - the whole shop is odorless, in fact - and that's a good sign when shopping for fish.

I took 1.25 pounds of the Corvina - he skinned it for me, wrapped it in plastic, put it on ice, and presented me with the bounty.  I haven't had that kind of experience since I lived in San Francisco and Austin.

I will be back!!!  This place is truly incredible, and I hope Madison will continue to support this location.  If you're looking for some awesome seafood, swing through The Seafood Center - it's definitely the real deal.

Oh - so how were the tacos?  Amazing!  I marinated the Corvina in lime, cilantro, jalapeno, and a splash of tequila, then grilled it on the Big Green Egg for about 9 minutes or so (at 400F).  Whipped-up some incredible spicy slaw, some black refried beans, and an amazing sauce.  A corn tortilla and a slice of avocado made for a stellar dinner.  

None of it would've been possible without the help of The Seafood Center (and Yelp)!
I've been here a few times and the food has been wonderful. I've only gotten the deep-fried cod with fries, but it's always delicious with tasty tartar and coleslaw on the side. 

Only thing keeping me from making this a five-star review is that it's served a little cold - could be hotter from the get-go.
great choices for fish. Madison may not be near the coast, but the Seafood Center offers some great fish.
The quality of the seafood here is great for the midwest (I'm from the east coast, so I am pretty picky about my fish). So that's not the reason they're getting a two-star review from me. 

The two-star review is because I ordered three pounds of shrimp for my annual Christmas party about a week before the party happened. They told me it would be no problem. 

Unfortunately they lost the order. When my husband went to pick it up, it was not ready and he waited over 30 minutes while they scrambled to find three pounds of shrimp.

If you're going to put yourself out there as providing catering platters for parties, then make sure you keep your orders straight. I'm not sure what I'll do next year, but I am definitely soured on the Seafood Center.
Awesome fish. I always get the catch of the day (variety of fried fish- from tuna to salmon to whitefish). It is phenomenal.  They also have a eide range of cooking supplies that go with seafood dishes.

 I have never made a bulk order so have not experienced any issues like some of the other reviews.
I didn't think this quality of seafood could be found here. I lived on the east coast and have gotten used to fresh seafood. This establishment did not disappoint.
We ordered a couple of sandwiches and some seafood for later. I ordered a grilled tuna and my wife ordered fried cod. It came on a nice roll and was cooked perfectly. The fish in both cases was allowed to be the star of the sandwich. Meaning it was not loaded down with sauce covering the flavor. We split an order of fries and they were very good as well. Only draw back, there is only one table with four chairs in the place but than it is not a restaurant.
Now, while this is a seafood store it does not have an over powering smell as such. It is clean, the staff was friendly and eager to assist. The seafood items are labeled with type and where it was harvested. It all looked incredible and fresh. We purchased some fresh sea scallops that required nothing more than to be cooked with some salt and pepper. They were sweet and tender and turned out incredible. We also purchased some mahi-mahi, it was very fresh and I would venture a guess that it had not been out of the water for a long time. It smelled very nice both raw and cooked.
This is a place we will be returning to often. The only problem will be what to purchase next time.
We were very disappointed in the take-out we bought tonight: clam chowder.  We expected more from a place that specializes in fish and seafood.  It had zero clam flavor (tasted mainly of uncooked flour), and the tiny bits of clams probably didn't add up to a full soup spoon in a whole pint of chowder.  We threw most of it out.
Got the fish and chips - replaced chips with onion rings.

Fluffy and finely spiced, fish was definitely tasty. Good batter. Good take away food.
-yay! they have one here
-was searching for ice cream
-didn't feel like having boba/halo-halo from red ribbon or jollibee
-didn't scope out the store much but it did appear to be the same size as the one in union city
-still no overpowering fish smell
-no scoops of ice cream but found mochi balls
-inline, got the slowest clerk....she needed to retire but she was so sweet
-"magandang hapon po..." i said (good afternoon)
-"ay, pilipina ka pala, akala ko hindi" (oh, i didn't think you were filipina)
="MAITIM KASI "(cuz i'm dark) AS SHE GIGGLES AND TAKES A YEAR TO WRAP UP
Live crabs in barrels! Whole fish! Gross weird things I have never seen!

I love this market. i used to live down the street and loved to pick up some yummy fishes and all sorts of noodles and whatever Asian spices smelled perfect for the night.

I had no idea what i was doing half the time but the ingredients made themselves.

The fish was all fresh and the whole store interesting. I don't think I am a fan of boba. I love this store I love this store. I love this store.
This place was good until it was well known in the asian community. You have to fight for a parking spot. It's waay crowded, the employees have somewhat of a lack of communication.

The positives of this place, it reminds me of home...the palenke (however you spell it) smell. The fish you can inspect yourself for freshness (I am picky when it comes to fish). Also I like the fact they can clean and cook it for you (for those who are always on the run).
The good things about Seafood City are that it's interesting, clean and bright.  I especially liked the seafood department.  The fish were just beautiful to look at.  They also had mutton and goat meat today.  I've always wanted to try mutton....The reason I didn't rate it higher was that they didn't have as many interesting things in the other areas of the store.  The produce section was nice, but a little unremarkable.  The frozen foods and grocery areas just didn't have as much unusual stuff as either 99 Ranch or Diho Market.
Real Rating is 4 STARS for the SEAFOOD
                           1 STARS for SERVICE at the seafood counter

 Here's the lowdown. This is the best place in Las Vegas for fresh seafood. They have a nice selection that rotates a lot. One week you can get Pompano, the next you can find Strawberry Grouper, after that... you get the picture. And the prices are fantastic. Farm-raised Salmon for half what the box grocery chains offer. 

Now here's the major problem. You take said fresh fish to the counter and you tell them, please scale this and gut this and leave the head and tail. When you pick it up, they have slashed off the tail, partially gutted it, and it still is chock full of scales. There is a big communication gap. You speak English, the guy at the counter speaks Tagalog, and the guy in the back speaks Spanish. And no one of you speaks any of the other languages. They have butchered at least one of the fish way beyond presentation EVERY time I've gone. And usually ALL of them more than once. So this is the absolute weakest link at this store. Period.

And Yeah, most customers and employees stare if you're not Asian. But they have a good selection of items from produce to bakery goods to the great fish, so get over it. Hell, I get mondo-stares because I don surgical gloves and really inspect my fish purchases. Now if I could only get THEM to prep the fish correctly!

And on the service end of it, the girls at the checkout counters have always been extremely nice. So don't worry about that aspect of it. This is a great place to find Asian items from Asians for Asians. Non-Asians just aren't part of their flow charts is all.
Seafood City Supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty Filipino items and obviously for seafood. My only warning is that it's a stinky place. I don't do my bulk shopping here, but it is definitely a place I go to for something specific.
Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood. They have mostly anything you need thats asian. I used to go here a couple times a week when i lived in vegas because it was right down the street. I sure miss this place.
This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green.
The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left. 
I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
Once I got over just how crowded this place gets I had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection! Live blue crabs (yes some of the little kids were smacking them on the shells with the tongs, but some of those crabs were fighting back!), a huge selection of fish including parrot fish, live catfish (and frozen), lobster, squid, shrimp, oysters, clams, etc etc. I spent a good 30 minutes just browsing around making little mental notes of the selection for later. I got there around 7 pm on a weekday and it was a tad crazy so I decided I'd come back at opening time the next day before things really got busy.

New opening hours though!! They seem to open at 8 am, not 9!! Wasn't too bad though, had my cart and was wandering around a bit, only occasionally running into the odd elderly grandma or child, lol. I had decided the night before to try my hand at some chioppino and had put together a list of some of the seafood I wanted to get. Ingredients bought were live blue crabs, some alaskan crab legs, clams, cherrystones clams, some squid, fresh shrimp, and some fish. Once you pick what you want and put it into a plastic bag (paper for the crabs) you get in line to have it weighed at the counter. Quick and friendly, and if you have some whole fish you can have it cleaned, gutted, and chopped up for you! Very convenient since I doubt I'd have been too successful at it. I still wish I could have had them do that with the squid, that stuff was nasty to do at home later (yet sooo worth it...yummy).  The fresh ingredients made ALL the difference in the chioppino, my wife was raving about the taste later.

If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from. Pork snout? Beef liver? They have it. Wonderful selection, even the frozen areas were fun to browse through! I saw a huge bag of frozen crawfish that was practically calling my name... mmm, maybe next time.
Unless you've been sequestered all your life in suburbia, Whole Foods, and other regular supermarkets, you might be a little overwhelmed with this seafood market (like Ms. H down below). But it's one of the best seafood markets in Las Vegas. 

It's in the heart of this so-called ghetto neighborhood and it caters to the Filipino and other Asian communities of Vegas. The market offers a variety of fresh produce, noodles, rice, and desserts. As for the seafood, if you're used to the pre-packaged fish fillets (like in Albertson's, Smiths) get used to looking at whole fish with head and tail in all. They offer several types of fish, squid, crab, and lobster. They even have my elusive seaweed salad! You can't get this stuff at Vons. 

On another note, it provides a little oasis for the Filipino community. There are Filipino fast food restaurants such as, Jollibee and Chowking. For all those who are homesick. I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with MSG and grease. And it's so not worth paying that $9.00 for a meal! Also, since it's the only major Filipino market, it gets really crowded. So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
As mentioned in other reviews, this place can get really busy. The place was swarming with asians. The only white person in the whole place was my wife. They've got a wide variety of stuff you'd never find at Smith's or Vons. Fruits and veggies that I've never even heard of and a lot of their produce (the stuff that you have heard of) is much cheaper than at the big name grocery stores. If you're looking for asian ingredients this is the place to go. The seafood section is like something straight out of San Francisco -- piles and piles of whole fish and crabs on ice. It's not something that you would expect to find in Vegas. If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?). They have a lot of items not offered in other Asian markets. This place primarily caters to the Filipino community. Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
everytime i come here, it feels like home. it has everything i need. grocery, dvd, jolibee and chow king.. :)
This place is dangerous, whether you want to cook the food yourself or buy it already cooked. The Filipino buns are dangerous and so is the fresh fish. DELICIOUS! If you don't feel like cooking that day, no problem, buy the "freshly fried chicken (make sure it's been fried recently or you won't enjoy the experience like I did)," then you pick up a halo halo next door at Red Ribbon Bakery and you are set for your "low fat meal." Just kidding! It will kill your arteries, but you will enjoy it! I had to boycott this place because I was gaining weight too rapidly in one month! Now, I have stayed away for three months and I am missing that wonderful taste of the beans and condensed milk, from the halo halo ;(
I love this place. So far, I am not disappointed with this place. I have been a few times and gotten what I wanted. I have bought kimchi, coco jam, and other things. I like it so much that I took Grandma with me one day and she loved it. We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything. They even have restaurants such as Jollibee. The restaurant has excellent food. This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
REVIEW FROM A NON-ASIAN:

I don't go there for the food at all.  Although I have eaten at some of their entryway diners and the food was acceptable.  

I go there for their beauty product selections.  It's not an extremely large selection, but they have products I can't find anywhere else, and prices to die for.

I usually stock up when I go since I don't live close and I make a trip specifically for these items when I go there. 

I love to buy their allue collection make-up for my daughters, it's cheap and decent quality and I don't get mad if my kids lose it or waste it.

MOSTLY, I like to buy their line of daily scents, and baby cologne.  These are great for after your shower and I like to rub them on my arms before going out, the smell is great and lasts a long time.  I feel comfortable hugging & shaking hands with people knowing that I am extending a lovely fresh scent when doing so.

They also have some nice facial bars & soaps.

Very bright, brilliant eye shadow colors are easy to find here.  Same with nail polish, although I haven't bought any nail polish here.

They also have good prices on scented baby lotions as well.  I buy those too.

They do accept credit cards, but F.Y.I., they do not allow you to get cash back.  I don't really care, but I thought you should know up front.
Gyoza crazy me, I don't always have the time nor the inclination to go out to eat, so one of the first things I do wherever I live is seek out an Asian supermarket.  

Kampai!!!  Seafood City on Maryland Parkway is the jackpot.  Bags of gzyoza to pick from so that at any given moment I have a selection in my freezer.  

The product lines concentrate on Filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.  Big and airy, high ceilings, well lit and huge, the produce is always fresh and a much better deal than other supermarkets in the area.  Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.

There's also a variety of fast food establishments as you enter their doors, which make good soups and the standard fried chicken baskets.

Just finished off a bag of gyoza...  may have to do a DUMPLING RUN soon...
Love this store.... better than Ranch 99. It use to be that I went to Ranch 99 because it was the only place to get all you asian cuisine items (versus little mom/ pop filipino shops that might not having everything you are looking for). I believe that Seafood City here in Las Vegas is much cleaner than the ones I have seen in CA (granted they are like a VONS in CA). We only have one here in Vegas.

So as far as other Seafood City markets go, this is a nice clean one. I don't think it smells as bad as Ranch 99 either.
i vacationed in the Philippines a lot when I was younger, and have spent a lot of my life in Asian/Filipino markets in California..  seafood city is all that I remember about those specific markets and more.

it's totally hooked up with all your filipino/asian needs and kept bright and clean.  I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.  i also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods. ;)  

come through  if u need to send things door to door, swoop up a pinoy pride shirt,  pacqiao trinkets, santo nino's, skin whitening or papaya soap.. [lol]

you can even hang out with all the peoples chillin!  grab a bite to eat at chow king or jolly bee.. or hit up red ribbon for dessert!

haha.. this is a monthly trip for me cause it's far.. but if it were closer i'd be picking up my meat and veggies from seafood city every week.
Seafood City is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical Asian/Filipino dishes. Adding to they're variety of Asian/Filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other Neighborhood Walmart would.  Definitely a good place to do some grocery shopping. Prices are average facilities are clean and order, they also have a Jollibee, Chow King, and Red Ribbon in the same store if you get hungry.
Getting to prepare Filipino meals require Filipino ingredients. To eat Filipino food, get Filipino supplies, cook it Filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food. Not just Filipino items are available in this supermarket but Thai, Japanese, Malaysian or other Asian fare. A large supermarket with fresh vegetables, rice, canned foods, beverages, soups, fruits, eggs, frozen food, ice cream, cookware, rice cookers, hair & beauty supplies, meats, live & fresh seafood is a shopper's delight. "Balut" or the well-known Filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.("Balut" is eaten best with salt and lemon juice and pairs well with a beer ("cerveza")). Recently, the addition of a Fish Fryer offers your fresh seafood fried and ready for you to take home without the cleaning and cooking tasks needed when you get home. There is a line at the Seafood section as fish is at a low affordable price and the fish frying is a great convenience. You will find this in the left side of the supermarket upon passing through the passageway next to the cash registers. The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.

Adjacent to the supermarket entry is "Chow King" also offers hot meals, soups, hot taho, ube or pandan smoothies and combination meals of chicken, meat or fish. Also, "Jollibee" is a fast food joint where Filipino style Spaghetti (which I must warn you is on the sweetness in taste), burgers, fries, mini sandwiches and munch on a Filipino style fried chicken called "Chicken Joy". A Beauty Salon called "Monet" for your haircut and beauty needs. "Red Robbin Bakeshop" offers breads, cakes, pastries and hot meals. 

Restrooms are in "Chow King" and in "Jollibee". Read about latest local and international Filipino news from a variety of newsmagazines and newspapers stocked in newspaper bins by the sliding doors to the supermarket. Parking lot is accessible and this clean supermarket stays open from 7 a.m. to 12 p.m. 

Communicating in English with Filipino attendants, servers and staff is not like being in a foreign land. Take time to browse around and ask questions from helpful supermarket associates if you are unfamiliar of Filipino or Asian supplies and viands.
I love going here! It's like my go to place for all the Filipino/Asian foods! It's heck of a lot cleaner than Ranch 99 on Spring Mtn. and I love the service of them cleaning your fish.  I'm also glad they had a number service system, which allows you to pick up your (cleaned fish) or meat and etc.  It's been a lot more organized since it first opened up.  Sometimes I am a little sad that some vegetables aren't there or the sliced salmon filets are usually gone by the middle of the day.  If you want the fresh stuff, get here early in the A.M.  People do tend to buy more in bulks, so you can kiss your fresh stuff goodbye.  Aside from that, I'm glad they're open late.  It's good for my hours, especially when I do get off late.  They're open from 8 to 12 I think? I don't know if they changed the hours.  

You can find all Philippines beauty products, a little pricey but I think this is the only big beauty central.  I love how there's a Chow King, Jolibee and Red Ribbon.  It just makes shopping easier!  If you're looking for Filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.  There stuff is most of the time fresh!  And they 75% of the time have what you're looking for!
I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price?  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
This is one of the most extensive seafood markets that I would've never expected to find in the heart of a city. 

The selection here is excellent. You walk in, and there are rows of fish on ice, live crabs, crawfish, and lobsters. Pick out what  you want, take it to the counter, so they'll clean it for you, and wait for your number to be called. It's as simple as that and quicker than you would imagine.

I'd definitely go here again. Etiquette tip: do not play with the fish and make them talk to people. It kind of freaks out some of the Asians that are there shopping, but if that's your thing, it's up to you.
Seafood City Rocks!!!  I wish we have one here in New York.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more.....mostly are products from the Philippines....from Canned Goods,  Biscuits, Spices to Beauty Products...Shampoos, Cologne and Magazines....but they also have Thai, Malaysian, Chinese & Japanese products as well!!

The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...Great selection foryour pleasure!!! .You can also have the luxury of having your fish fried, ... you don't have to do it when you go home...something we don't have here in New York...I know they also have the same service in California and Seattle!!!...!!!! 

I find the prices very reasonable and affordable...Great place...hope they open one here in New York soon and give Hongkong Supermarket a run for their money!!!!...
Great produce selection, both common (apples, oranges, tomatoes,etc.) to the more uncommon and exotic(jackfruit, durian, lychee, dragonfruit)

Like you can find everything for a house at Home Depot, you can find everything you need here to throw a Filipino Fiesta!

I usually just shop here for Filipino dessert ingredients and hardly anything perishable because when we make a stop here, we're out and about and not on the way home....ALOHA!!!
It's a love-hate relationship, i must say.

Love: if you love filipino goodies, this is the best place! They even sell stuff you can't even find somewhere else. It's where I pick up stuff that reminds me of HOME. 
They have a large variety of seafood and meat here. their stuff tends to run out later on the day so its best to go shop earlier in the day.
Fresh fish. Fresh seafoods. Even live crabs and lobsters. Playing with the live crabs makes me happy.
There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex. Chowking, Red Ribbon and Jollibee.
They sell fresh bread right nextdoor, Valerio's bakery.
Open from 7am till midnight.
Clean and organized.

Hate: Parking.  They do have really huge parking space, but since it's one of the biggest Filipino supermarket in town, people do come here a lot!! So go off hours.
The distance on every registers are REALLY narrow. Even the shopping carts couldn't fit.
The meat counter can be overwhelming, esp the line for fish cleaning.
They can be a little too overpriced. You can find some of their exact stuff at Walmart or 99 Cents Store for about 2-3x cheaper.

I love you more than I hate you, so I'll keep visiting.
longanisa!!!!1 (totally spelled it wrong)
This is the place to get it. THE PLACE!
I've got mixed feelings about Seafood City.

What I like: They've got Magnolia Coconut Ice Cream Bars. Sure other Asian stores have them, but their are always in stock and reasonably priced. They usually have a goodly amount of steamed cheesecake onhand. I love this little Japanese dessert because it is nice and light and not too sweet. I don't have to make a separate purchase at Red Ribbon cause they have the mamon sponge cake in store as well. And lastly my mom usually finds all her beloved Filipino ingredients.

What I dislike: It's crowded. Ugh. The store is always packed. I don't think I have ever been there at a time when it wasn't filled with people. If I wanted to willingly subject myself to agoraphobia I'd just go to Walmart on a Saturday at 10 a.m.  And the parking lot is crowded as well. Sometimes I feel sorry for those people who just want to go to Jason's Deli. And of course the smell. Sometimes I can ignore it or it's not too bad, but other times the fish smell is overwhelming.

All in all, this is a great place if you are shopping for Filipino foodstuffs. I usually only get over to it if I am on a shopping trip with my mom. I think one of the biggest draws for me is visiting Chow King for a mango shake - but that is an entirely different review.
This is very out of the way for me, but since we were in the area, we decided to stop in. 

I wanted fish, but it was such a long line for cleaning and such that it probably will be an hour before we get our stuff ready to go home. 

Filipino products are obviously abundant and there are some harder to find offerings here. I think if there's some odd thing I need to recreate a Filipino dish this is my go-to. Most dishes though use very common ingredients that I can find in the Asian marts much closer to my area so I don't see myself coming out of the way to come here. 

It's a good place for Asian needs on this side of town, but it's nothing special if you're a Filipino living somewhere like the NW like me.
I was running low on foodstuffs so thought I would check this place out after my classes. The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments. The place actually reminds of Fubonn Shopping Center in Portland, OR, except it is Filipino than Chinese/Vietnamese.

I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections. I mean, the prices seemed decent and all but I was expecting more variety. Same with the meat selection. There was a cut of beef that I had been wanting to buy, but they did not have it. I did like the fact that they had all sorts of offal. The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for. I saw many people in the self-service are picking up mollusks and shrimps. There was also a long line for fish cleaning.

Since it is so close to the university, this is a good place for me to stop by after school to pick up common Asian-y foodstuffs.
Filipino grocery store open 24 hours.

They have eveything that a supermarket has and more. Most are products from the Philippines but from other Asian countries as well. Aisles are neatly arranged and the store doesn't have that fishy decaying meat smell one encounters at these kind of stores. 

Please come to Alexandria along with the Golden Ribbon bakery and Jolie B to put to shame the competition of stores like H-Mart, Grand Mart, etc.
5 things that go through my head when I visit.

1. Presh pried pish prom Philipino polks. 

2. Ahhhhhh I feel like I'm in Daly City again. Win.

3. M u s t..  r e f r a i  n.. from.. picking up multiple packages of dried squid, mango..

4. Dude, where else am I gonna find fresh coconut and lychee on this side of town? 

5. Hmm.. What am I gonna buy from Valerios when I'm done with this place?
What other place in Vegas makes me feel like I'm back home like Seafood City does? No other place than this... Place where Tita Baby and Tito Boy shop for their filipino goods. 

It may not be the cleanest and most complete supermarket Vegas has but for it being a Filipino Supermarket it sure does the job.  Whitening soap? Check.  Red ribbon ensaymada? Check. Phone cards? Check. Filipino movies? Check. Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory? Check. You can even have your fish cooked. Yes, we Filipinos are lazy and that's exactly how it is back home.

My ultimate favorite is their marinated meat and OMG their crab!!! It is soooo good. Crab fat and all. *drools*

If you don't look Filipino, don't be surprised at people staring at you.  And even if it's all the way on the other side of town what the heck, for that piece of home? Why not!
One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
Seafood, yes.
Just avoid going to get Seafood on Sundays. It seems to the busiest times. Too long of line to drop your items off to weighed and even longer wait if you want them cleaned.

Vegetables, only if I have to. 
The quality of the veggies isn't always so fresh to me. It often looks old and withered. But i can get ube (purple yam) here so that always makes me look past this.

Filipino staple items, yes. 

Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries. Easy location with lots of offerings. I can't complain.
This market sucks...
Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.
Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.

I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  

Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. 
I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino food?
Their fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department? I don't get it.

Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
My moms favorite place to go when she needs to buy groceries and send money to the philippines. But for me its chaotic. Yet i still love it. 

LIKES: the products they have. Most are from the philippines. But the prices are funny. Whenever it comes down to paying, we always hit the $100 mark.  And of course i like jollibee, chowking, and red ribbon. They should add Greenwhich ahaha

DISLIKE: PARKING, SECURITY, LOCATION, and how TINY the market is. Its gets crowded easy, there are rude people who just make their way in and out of the market, people fight over parking, not enough secuity especially when it gets full, and i can barely move my cart around without saying EXCUSE ME or squeezing through aisles. They restock during the busiest hour and i find that annoying. I see boxes everywhere which makes it even more crowded. 

Relocate with a bigger store please? Like henderson... :P
Great place for Filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
A Midwestern guy walks into a Filipino Supermarket and gets overwhelmed. Film at 11. Wow, this was one of the more interesting places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. Parking for this place is a zoo but once you find a space you're in for an experience. 

Once inside the door the place reminds me of a Hypermarket with restaurants, a bakery, financial services, and other shops right up front. You walk past all that and into a full fledged supermarket where the first thing you notice is the smell coming from the fish which you can't see at first but you certainly know they're present. This is not your typical American supermarket. It may look like it at first glance, but it's certainly not. So what did I find here? 

Produce: They have a good selection but the pricing for some items is a bit higher than I expected. Also the produce section had a LOT of flies. As in even as oblivious as I am to some things when I notice it's pretty bad. But they had some stuff like different varieties of bananas that I haven't seen elsewhere. 

A quick loop around the store will take you to the source of the very distinctive smell, the open air fish market. They have a nice sized selection of fish and other things and after you pick out what you want they will clean it up for you. This section of the store is CROWDED. Even a big guy like me got bumped into. And if you don't like raw fish this is not the place for you as people are flying past you with all kinds of it. I overheard grumbling about how long it was taking to process the fish but I just thought it was cool and I want to go back when I can properly transport my fish home in the desert heat. 

A walk through the center of the store led me to a lot of different ethnic items, some I've seen at the International Market but quite a few items were unique to this store. The list of unique items is too long to list here, if you're looking for something your best bet is to stop in and look for yourself. I picked up a couple of things (they even had the tamarind hard candy I have trouble finding!) and went to check out. Checkout was packed but moved fast. And the people working the registers were friendly and they actually have a Point of Sale / Credit Card machine that's programmed intelligently. I want to make a point of saying checkout was easy, as it should be elsewhere. 

In short I didn't have much time to spend in here but I'm glad I went in and it was quite the experience. I will be back.
We found this place by accident (visiting a store in same plaza) and can now say without a doubt that we love this place.  You can find some cheaply priced essentials; Asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood. Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time. 

We grabbed a few pounds  of whole shrimp and a container of old bay and we couldn't get home fast enough to cook them up and properly season them.  It was heaven; As soon as we can find a place close to the apartment where we can break crabs open and not have to worth about the after effects of smell and the random chunks of flying crab as you break them apart we will be back.  

Oh word of advice is to be sure to weigh your seafood before going to the register; it not you hold up the line and look like a fool; we thought it was kinda funny but won't be making that mistake again.  The man at the counter was very nice and was able to use his scale to weigh everything but it took a few minutes. 

Be careful/buying dairy/eggs here both of my trips here they had them sitting in the aisles.  I touched a few and they were dry and room temperature. I'm sure the health inspector would have freaked but as long as you are careful on what you buy here you won't leave disappointed.
I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
Seafood City is a grocery store that is located in Maryland Parkway just off Flamingo is one of many franchises that cater specifically to the Filipino community but also other Asian and ethnic cultures.  Fairly big in size with neighbors such as Jollibee, Chow King, & Valerios Bakery rented directly in the facility...it makes it a convenient one stop shop for your Filipino needs.  You can pretty much find it all in here.  Highly advertised on the Filipino Channel, especially in California...Seafood City is like the Filipino version of Vons or Safeway...well known but can be a little highly priced on some items.

Plenty of fresh fish and vegetables to choose from.  Staff for the most part are friendly and can help you locate what you are looking for.  Shelves are continuously being stocked which is nice to see.  

The downside is that, this place gets crowded, especially on weekends and Holidays!  Parking is a pain in the @$$, but upon availability it is alright.  The parking lot is big, it is just that this place gets so packed it can get ridiculous.  I suggest getting there early or off hours to ease the tension.  

Over all it is nice place to go to, but if you are not a people person or hate crowds...you might want to head over to China Town or other asian/oriental markets around the valley instead.
Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
Very convenient for Filipino shoppers. Welcome to all. Prices are pretty decent. Some better improvement over time. Friendly employees.
This will not be one of my "adventures in womanizing". I just came here for a couple of quick items and ended up getting numbers from 3 girls. I didn't even ask. I've never really been attracted to Filipino chicks in the past... but these chicks were like those girls you see on the Filipino soap operas. I thought they were really hot.

I recently had a conversation with 3 non-Asian college students about: "Which Asian person had the most impact on Asian people today". They listed off people like: Sun Tzu, Dalai Lama, Mao Zedong, Dr. Feng Shan Ho, Norman Mineta. I being the only person of Asian descent had the most credibility in my opinion. And when it was my turn, I said that the greatest Asian person in history is MANNY PACQUAIO! My argument was that Manny Pacquaio can use his straight left hand to kick the sh!t out of the Dalai Lama, and he can sing better than him as well, therefore he is the greatest Asian person ever.

So, I came to SEAFOOD CITY for some unlicensed Pacquaio merchandise for my Filipino friend who is going to his next fight. Unfortunately, I got off work too late and the Pacquaio store was closed. I decided to just walk around a bit, and I found the selection to be much more superior to Greenland. 

We don't really got a good selection of Asian supermarkets here in LV. Every time I ask a Japanese person the question: "What's the best Japanese Market?". In a very enthusiastic voice, they always answer by screaming "GREENNNLLAANND!" I really can't tell if they are being serious or not.  Also, Notice how I am giving this place a 5-star review while I gave Greenland a 2-star.  SEAFOOD CITY has better customer service than Greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price. Not to mention I even got felt up by one chick while I was waiting in line to pay. This place is f*cking awesome.
Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about. I buy the Lupia wraps there so I can make my own
This place is freakin' BUSY. Amando S. made homemade Ahi Poke on St. Patrick's Day so since then I was CRAVING it!! I took a journey to Seafood City to pick up some Ahi Poke. Good prices for some slabs of Tuna! This was really all I came here for so I had my tuna and was waiting in line... lalalala - then a sales associate said since I had so few items, I could go through the customer service line. Yes! Short line. Plus they make money orders there for fifty cents and I actually needed one. SCORE.
Sells everything asian particularly filipino made products. Its like heaven when you walk in here shopping going thru each and every aisle looking for what to buy.
The fresh seafood area has a huge selection and they have an add on service where they can cook your fish.
Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Seafood City. Since its inception in May 2007, this has been the home to the Filipino community for all their grocery needs.  As another Yelper mentioned, this is a beehive of Filipinos, which is absolutely true.  Although occasionally I do see 1 or 2 individuals of a different ethnicity, but I'm sure they shop here for the reasonable prices. They offer everything you need to cook a home-made Filipino meal; I usually come here to grab ingredients for my parents. This place is super busy on the weekends, so I don't dare stepping foot here.  That goes along with parking, which is probably even worse.  I tend to park closer to what was previously Barnes & Noble.  There's another review on here stating she was so surprised to see kids playing with live crabs. I was guilty of that too when I was a kid, but honestly what do you expect this is a Filipino super market (Seafood City is probably the best one in town). And she ends her review with "I'll go to Whole Foods next time I need crab." That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like Whole Foods , but neither are the prices.
I think my rating for this place definitely has something to do with my heritage.  Let's be honest, it has everything to do with it.  I'm proud to be Filipino and this store really caters to those cultural needs!

The store is huge!  You have electronic booths (cellular services), food court-type options (Jollibee's, a Chinese restaurant and a Filipino bakery) and of course, groceries.  I love how cheap everything is in the produce department. Some of my favorites like bitter melon and other squashes seem to be substantially cheaper than other grocery stores like Smith's or Albertson's.  What I love is the fact that this store also has everything I grew up with.  It's like going through the Asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!  Then, you get to the meat and fish section.  That's where the heart of the store is.  So many types of fish!  So many types of meat.  All kinds of meat parts: pork, chicken and beef.  The back counters are super efficient.  What I love is the fact that you can grab fish, like catfish, take a number and ask the back counter employees to deep fry the fish.  It's a service not many people know about.  I love it!!

If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other Filipino delights, come and check out this place.  I KNOW you'll find what you're looking for :)
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
Seafood City Supermarket is a nice grocery store that offers a lot of Filipino foods and goods in addition to American groceries. The aisles are fun to browse through, since I can't find a lot of Filipino products back at home. Prices seem pretty reasonable.
Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
Up until recently, I'd avoided Seafood City because I don't eat seafood. I'd go to the Barnes and Noble next door (RIP) or eat at Jason's Deli, but I'd skip the City.

I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had. I was pleasantly surprised by the range of produce, and I was ecstatic at the dozen or more varieties of tofu offered. They also had tiny citrus trees for sale, which is awesome.

I ended up with veggies, seaweed and tofu, all at excellent prices. I'll definitely be going back for more.
Came here to buy beer for the Filipino Potluck!  

I figured since it was Filipino town here, they would have decent prices on the beers...damn, $18 for 12 packs!  Red Horse, San Miguel Lager/Negras/Lites...all $18.  Same prices as Total Wine BTW ($9 for 6 packs).

The lines really sucked...I only had a 12 pack of beer, but it took me at least 10-12 minutes standing in line.  Sounds like I am being impatient...probably am lol.

Couldn't believe how busy this place was...reminded me of a cafeteria from high school lol.  But it was pretty clean though considering the walk in traffic.
got a large selection of filipino foods. Also has decent restaurants in front of the grocery market to choose from such as jollibee, bakeries, and more. decent price. sometimes expensive.
Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot! 
The prices are great as well.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
What can i say, Its Seafood City. The staple of filipino americans trying to get some authentic back home flavor.. I mean this place even has a built in Jollibee and Chow King! Being married to a Filipina for nearly 10 years and having visited the Philippines many times i can see why this place is so popular. Get there when they open if your trying to buy fish because it gets picked over very fast. Also get ready to wait in line at the cashier, they usually only have 2 or 3 cashiers and hundreds of customers. Its not exactly the SM Grocery store..
Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic Filipino and other Asia. Items. I live in Henderson and was searching for an Octopus to Cooke because I am a chef and someone outside of work wanted to make then an Octopus Tomato sauce. I wasn't sure where to go but after calling this location the person who answered the phone was very friendly and willing to help me. She let me know there was 1 octopus left and said she would hold it for me. As I was in there, the selections of shell fish and other fish was awesome. Being from Florida it is hard to find good seafood out here in Vegas so I was very impressed with some of their options. Whenever I am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish I will definitely be going back to this store. And a bonus they have a Jollibee in their supermarket. I have seen this fast food restaurant on many different shows and always wanted to try it, this place is a must go!
This place is crazy!  it was like black Friday!  OMG, people everywhere!  People, don't move out of your way!  I this was my first visit, but "I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT" I'm going to have to figure out a time to go there where it's not all crazy!  But it was cool, I wasn't expecting a food court in there!  it's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.  But they had fish on ice there.  You pick what you want.  My only thing is, I don't know for sure, but I think you have to gut it too ( ewwwwww)  I can't do it or look at it being done.   But when I want something good, I know where to go and pick it up.  I'm glad I have a husband that can do the dirty work for me.
Let me start this review by saying that you don't have to be Asian to shop here! A few of my coworkers asked me if I can get some things for them. I asked them why couldn't they get it themselves? They replied with "We are not Asian and they might treat us differently". I should of been offended right? Nope. Instead I said, "They will only treat you different if you act like jerks so don't be one and you'll be ok."

Seafood City is similar to 99 Ranch but caters more to the Filipino population. If you have ever eaten at a Filipino restaurant, this is where you will find most if not all the ingredients in all the dishes you eat. 

I come here for all sorts of things like different flavored chips, nuts, biscuits, crackers, etc. Drinks like coconut juice. mango juice, calamansi juice, etc. 

Basically, a lot of items you just cant find at your basic Smith's or Albertsons. What is also great is the location of this place. If you get hungry there is a Chow King and a Jollibee just right in front where you enter.

The layout of their place is nice also. All the way to the right you have all your vegetables. All the way to the back you have all your refrigerated items. All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section. In between you have all the aisles with all the little things I mentioned in my 3rd paragraph.

Service is actually above average. They usually have enough people on registers so that long lines are virtually non existent. Most of the time each cashier has their own assistant that bags all the merchandise you just bought. 

So for those non Asians, just relax and shop just like you would at any other supermarket. Sometimes its ok to shop somewhere different. You never know, you just might find something you really like here.
This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies. The 50LBS of Jasmin Rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful. I do however recommend if you dont speak Tagalog then bring someone with you that does.
Ah, the one stop shop for all things Filipino. Yes, it's true, a lot of Asian people lounge here to buy their groceries, or pick up their favorite snacks. 

My parents usually drop by to pick up some tocino (Filipino breakfast meat) that you can just pop in the pan and cook away. 

It's cleaner than Chinatown here and the staff is super helpful. Prices are comparable, a lot of the time it'll be a little more pricer than Chinatown..

Also, you gotta know when to go so that it's not busy = late at night, 2-3 hours before it closes. Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in Seafood City!
This is a Filipino market that also has other Asian stuff. You have to come here on a weekday at an odd time to avoid the crowd of little old Filipino ladies that cut in front of you...I'm pretty tall for an Asian so I'm sure they can see me but old Filipino ladies don't care. Parking can be chaotic. Filipinos are not used to traffic signs/rules so it can get frustrating. Being half-Filipino, I am aware of the lack of discipline which is a trait common among Filipinos...I can't stand it!

Valerio's is a bakery to the left of the entrance of Seafood City. They have good sugar doughnuts that are super heavy and filling...and other Filipino breads and baked goods. They only take cash.

When you walk in, to the left is Chowking. To the right you got Jollibee and Red Ribbon. Straight ahead is a bunch of stalls selling phone cards and a travel agency. Behind all that is a grocery store.

Today, I was looking for ingredients for kare-kare for a potluck - that was my main mission. I couldn't find peanut butter so I asked one of the employees stocking the shelves. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Where can I find peanut butter?" But he ignored me or he's completely deaf. Denied! I should've talked in thick PILIPINO aksent and said "hoy kuya where is da feanat vatter?" And who would've used his lips to point to where I need to go. 

So I ended up leaving with cracker nuts and cakes from Red Ribbon. Mission failed! Since the potluck isn't til next week, I'd have to come back here to buy oxtails and veggies. Sweet Jesus, give me the patience!
I'll admit it, I love coming here!!! I get all the essential Filipino things and also get entertained by all my uncles and aunties in the thick flip accent. 

Every month or two, I'll take the twenty minute drive to the not so nice part of town and load up on all the Filipino necessities. (Quick tip, don't come here when you are drunk because you will end up spending way more than you originally planned.) On my last adventure, we had to get rice, longanisa (Filipino sweet sausage), soup mixes and chicken. Aside from necessities, we found Red Horse (beer), pastries and lychee. 

Be prepared for long check out times depending what time of the day you are here. The employees here aren't that helpful. If you ask where a certain something is, they'll just point with their lips and assume you can find it yourself. They can clean and fry your fish while you finish your shopping. If you work up an appetite after you shop, there is a Jollibee and Chow King conveniently located inside. 

P.S. "Eight pipty por, your order is ray-dee"
I love this store!  Almost all the products remind me of Philippines.  Every time I'd come here I would stop by jolly-bee and then shop for cheap snacks and drinks!  If your Filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.  They sell so many things.  If I could, I would go here every day. :)
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey. 


Their is definitely something for everybody.
It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.  I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile. I like the set-up of the place. Jollibee, Red Ribbon and Chowking is very inviting and the open area is welcoming to the public. I also like the background of the parking lot, you can see the silhouette from the strip standing from there.
This is part of a chain of markets.  They seem to specialize in Filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.  Plus mostly fresh seafood (I mean, this is Vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).

Plus lots of grocery items for the Asian/Filipino recipes you want to do.  Patis, bagoong, sauce for Filipino spaghetti, etc, etc.  Overall, a good market.
This place is packed, the Deli counter is the worst,seems like everyone is here for fresh fish and meats.Have at least 20minutes or more to pick up something!
I am a huge fan of Seafood city.  I love going to explore and find something new to try.  It is also great for all of those things you can't find in your regular store, like manostein. 

Yea it is busy, especially on the weekends, but that is part of the fun of it.  Everyone is very friendly and the staff there is very helpful.  If you are looking to try something new or are looking for some specialty stuff, this is the place for you.
I love ethnic grocery stores, it's like you can take a trip to a foreign country without leaving your hometown! Seafood City is a fun place to do just that. I've never bought much here except for some exotic spices and snacks, but the seafood department is something of a marvel. I find myself staring at all the fresh fish for almost an hour ever time I'm in here. Although the parking lot is huge, parking can be a zoo, especially during the weekends. Worth a stop if only for the educational aspect of the place. For foodies, it's a no-brainer!
Sigh.. First the lady thought I was paying together when there was a divider separating their items from mine. She just took it out and included my items with theirs. Theirs a divider for a reason... Even though we're in a group together doesn't mean we're paying all together.. And plus she charged me for the full price of the items I got! She didn't put it for the sales discount... -.-
You guys, I have this really humongous love-hate relationship with Seafood City.. & here's why:

LOVE: I love that I can drive to a little "home away from home" market that definitely has the feel of being back in the Philippines. You have Chow King and Jollibee PLUS Red Ribbon inside. And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your Filipino dish. They also sell balut here! But be warned, BALUT is not for the faint of heart! Middle section has condiments, the tabo that you've been needing for your bathroom to wash your pwet, Milo & other Filipino and non-Filipino beverages, and as well as your Filipino chichiria (snacks). Then you have the meats and seafood in the left side of the market which is actually my favorite because it really reminds me of the palengkes in the Philippines. You choose your own fish and put in the bag basically. Prices here are fairly reasonable. It's also pretty clean compared to the other Asian markets in Vegas. And the staff are super nice!

HATE: Oh goodness, what I don't like about this place is how crowded it is in the market. It's small and two people can barely fit in the aisles. I also don't like how my little home away from home is nearly a 30 minute drive from my house. I seriously wish that they would build a Seafood City closer to where I live, and it wouldn't hurt if it was a tad bit bigger than it is now.

Overall: Despite my little rant there, I would have no other choice but to come back here when needed. It's the only Seafood City in Vegas. It's the only place that would remind me of "home".
My only rant about this place is there should be a designated smoking area/break area for their employees. I dislike walking into the store smelling smoke. Everytime I go in the store, their employees are just standing on the side smoking cigarettes. Uggghhh!!!
I had to bring my mother and the titas (aunties) here while they were visiting so they could have their Filipino food in the time share where they were staying.  I've been here before, but only very quickly to get halo-halo ingredients. On this recent visit, I had a chance to browse the aisles since the ladies like to linger-shop.  I don't eat fish, but if you buy fish here, they will clean it for you in the butcher section.  The beauty section sells whitening soap for the "dark complected"--hmm, interesting, but I don't think I'll ever use that.  I had no idea that they sold frozen Filipino dishes a la Lean Cuisine:  pop it in the microwave for a few minutes and bam- sisig is ready!  There was a lot of yelling going on over the intercom: "Sharlene, please return to your register!"  Sharlene was called more than once since she must not have heard the yelling the first time, even though the rest of us did.  There was also more than one crying baby.  In fact, the whole visit was very noisy and it felt just like the name suggests:  being on the street in the city.  However, this is one place where we Pinoys can get our native food and you should come to here if you ever need or want some.  Hopefully Sharlene is at her register (name has been changed to protect the innocent who was probably at Jollibee on break having spaghetti with hot dogs).
I love how they have everything you need that's from the Philippines and other asian countries.  They also have 2 restaurants for you to eat.  One is Jollibee and the other is Chow King.  The both are good.  The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because it's really crowded.   I wish they would make this place a little bigger like the Boulevard Mall.   The best time to come here is in the mornings not as crowded.
I totally love this store!! I'm a big fan of seafood and Asian foods. They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make Asian food. I love to make Pancit and lumpia and they always have the ingredients that I need.  

Not only is it a great store, they are located just down the street from me which is a big plus for me. I like to be able to just run down the street and get the items I need without going all over town for it. 

Downside for me is that this place is so popular that it's ALWAYS so crowded and busy. I always feel rushed to get my items and get out.
Seafood City is a pretty good place to shop. There is an assortment of Filipino/Asian products without having to go to Chinatown. It lives up to its namesake and you'll find whole Yellowfin Tuna down to wild caught Oregon sardines. They also carry Filipino beers, Kewpie mayo, Filipino toiletries and magazines. It's a one-stop to the Philippines. Inside the shopping center, they have Pinoy franchises such as Jollibee, Chow King and Valerios Bakery. There is also an esthetician behind the Asian jewelry counter.

The location is centric; it's close to the Strip, airport and major streets. Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what I see. I have family in the culinary industry and pay attention to these things. The staff is okay; they are not overly friendly, but are not rude to us. Perhaps looking Pinoy helps, based on some reviews, which is unfortunate since this is business. 

What kept me from giving the one-stop shop 5 stars are two things, one worse than the other. The groceries are fresh for the most part, but sometimes are not at peak freshness depending on the day one shows up. Fortunately, I do not have to trek too far or else I'd be upset. 

Onto the bad thing about Seafood City. There are a few customers who cause trouble. A few weeks ago, we witnessed Africans fist fighting outside of the Jollibee section. They were hollering (maybe profanities) in their language. Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at Seafood City. There are some vagrants who hang outside the store and parking lot who beg for money. 

A few days ago, my mom encountered a rude male customer who was pushing her out of the way with his shopping cart and pushing his groceries ahead of hers while flailing his arms at her, thus creating physical contact. When she told him to stop and say "excuse me", he claimed that he couldn't tell whether she spoke English or not. Regardless of a customer's level of English literacy, everyone understands "excuse me." Even recent Spanish speaking immigrants know and say "excuse me" with thick accents. My mother was about to move on, but saw the same man chatting and laughing with the nonchalant security guard about what he did to her. Mom told the security what the man did and that he should do his job and then pretended to scold the man.

I think I will have to consider going to Chinatown, even if the trip is further away.
I'm giving this place 3 stars for now. It's could be 4 stars but I may have ordered the wrong thing....

I ordered the whiting, fried. I should have ordered it Cajun fried because there was no seasoning in he batter. Also the batter is cornmeal, I don't mind this but some do. The fries were good as were the red beans and rice.

I do plan to try this place again as it is difficult to find good seafood that isn't expensive. They fry, grill, etc. they also have barbecue and fried chicken. This is also a fish market where you can buy fresh seafood and fish.

I really hope this place is worthy of a 4 star review.
Delivery of seafood? Awesome! I found this place on GrubHub, apparently an extension of the Nile Cafe next door. Anyway, great seafood for pickup or delivery. They have a table or two outside if you wish to dine here.
The brisket was basically cooked meat, a little dry no real personality, canned barbeque sauce on the side.  The fish was a little under done so I threw it out.  The two sides were nice, coleslaw was just right and the potato salad was done really well.  I did not know it was going to be a long wait for lunch or I would have called ahead.  It was a little dirty so we won't go back.
Great for those nights that you do not want the usual pizza or Chinese food delivered to your door.  Has a multitude of different types of fish that can be cooked many different styles with some awesome sides to back them up.  They quoted us 30 minutes delivery time and it only took them 15 minutes!
It was OK but no where near the best fish in town.  Really salty (drank like crazy all afternoon).  Coleslaw was typical "from the tub".  No malt vinegar--what is with that--when you have fish, you need vinegar, not ketchup.  Extremely limited seating.
I went to J&M Fish Market today with my Mom. We were greeted by a very polite young man, who explained the menu to us. I ordered Cajun Grilled Red Snapper, and chose grilled veggies and collard greens as my sides. Mom ordered fried whiting, and chose cole slaw and collard greens. We decided to eat at one of the outside tables. The food was quite tasty, and the service was excellent. The greens were so good that I wanted to bring some home for my husband. I asked our server, and even though the kitchen was already closed, he got me the greens. At no charge. A great experience, we will surely be back.
The whiting (they ran out of catfish) was all kinds of bland except for a really strong fishy flavor (whiting is the least supposed to taste like fish), especially for "cajun fried", or was that what the bucket of hot sauce was supposed to represent? The jerk chicken tacos tasted nothing of jerk, the only noticable flavor was from the sweet thai chili sauce added on the side. The mac and cheese side was a congealed mass of fake cheese with some tasteless noodles to bind it together, and the rice and red beans were essentially that, a layer of rice with canned red beans poured over top. 

The only saving grace was my partner's cajun grilled tilapia, the highlight of the meal.
We ordered the Tilapia grilled with fries and cole slaw and roll + chicken fingers with mac & cheese. 

The Tilapia size was above average and grilled perfectly. The cole slaw was also tasty. Fries needed just a little longer cooked. 

The Chicken fingers were breaded fresh and cooked perfectly. Mac & cheese was not good. 

Customer Service is very friendly and inviting. We would for sure go back. I recommend trying the Tilapia. I think they have some things to work out on the sides but overall pretty good.
This place is connected to J & M Fish Market, so decided to give it a try for dinner. Place was deserted, service was slow and they were out of the first 3 items I ordered (Clam Strips, Whiting/ Atlantic White Fish and Red Snapper).  Maybe the place is still pretty new, and they haven't figured out how much to order? Even if that's the case, I still thought it was a bit odd to be out of so many items.

I ended up ordering the BBQ Rib Tips.  The meat was really dry, with not much BBQ sauce, so I asked for some on the side.  The sauce was likely out of a bottle.  Overall, I would say the food was OK...  Not great, not bad, just OK.

I had a slice of cheesecake before leaving.  Not homemade, a little dry, but pretty good.

Not sure I would give the place another try, but we'll see...
Really wanted to like this place and i bought two groupons.  Probably deserves 3.5 stars. Listen, the service is very good.  Last night I called a take out order in, and it was ready and all wrapped up 20 mins later when i got there to pick it up; server was very friendly.  You also get a good amount of food for the price ($10-$15); you get the piece of fish, two sides (ive only had veges and red beans + rice), and a cornbread muffin.    

However, the fish is just not that good.  I got two orders last night, 1 walleye and 1 snapper, both grilled.  One of the filets look like like some massacred the fish with a dull machete.  The other filet looks appealing, but had some small bones in it.  The taste of both was also very bland, and neither really tasted fresh; rather, they were somewhat tough and dry - so i doubt the fish is actually fresh.   They should also include a lemon wedge.  No idea why they dont.  However, the sides were very good and the muffin was a nice surprise.   

So, you get a decent "fresh" fish meal and with a good amount of food for under 15 bucks, so its not that bad.  But, on the other hand, the fish is just not very good.  Maybe if you get it fried it will taste better - but then whats the point of getting fish if your just going to make it unhealthy?
This place is phenomenal! I highly recommend the cajun red snapper, seasoned veggies , and red beans and rice. The waiter was incredibly polite and created a delightful dining experience.
I wish I had better things to say.

I called in my order and they said 15 min.  40 min later I was still waiting for my food.  I ordered jerk chicken taco, ultimate nachos and rib tips with mac and cheese and potato salad.  They forgot to give me the sides - mac and cheese and potato salad.  

Jerk chicken tacos and the nachos pretty much had the same grilled chicken with some kinda thai chili sauce on top.  The tortillas weren't very good..  and the chips were chewy..  Its just odd to have sweet and sour sauce on top of the nachos..  They both were like something scraped together from whatever you'd find in the fridge.

The rib tips were ok.  Not especially good, not especially bad.  

All in all, I had such high hopes for the place and they were super nice.  But the food isn't very good and it sucks that they didn't give me part of my order.  Shoulda known when the door was locked and you had to enter through the store next door.
This place is closed down