Three Village Restaurant is one of the newest Chinese restaurants to be opened in Las Vegas greater Chinatown area (Official grand opening was on Dec 8, 2010).  It is located at the former Champion Gourmet site, which is on the second floor of the old SF Supermarket and in the same plaza as other restaurants such as Shuseki, Swish, and Ah Chung Noodles.  The food it features on the menu is mostly Northern Chinese cuisine, and includes house specials such as Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup (aka Xiao Long Bao), Pan Fried Soup Bun, Sliced Beef Roll, Jung Dong Meat Pie, Onion Pancakes and Noodle with Pork Bean Sauce.

Prices of the menu items range from $3.95 to $19.95, with most items with the price range between $7.95 and $9.95.  The restaurant also features an All Day Special Combo that costs either $6.50 or $7.95.  For this special combo you get to select one of three soup or soup noodles (Fried Tofu Thin Noodle Soup, Curry Beef Thin Noodle Soup or Hot & Sour Soup) plus another select menu items, such as Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup, Sliced Beef Roll, Pan Fried Pork Bun.  The portions are generous and you will definitely be full and satisfy selecting one of the All Day Special Combo.

Review of the food:
Fried Tofu Thin Noodle Soup - The broth is pleasant and mild, didn't cared much for the fried tofu pieces as garnish.
Curry Beef Thin Noodle Soup - Nice flavor with subtle curry taste.
Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup - Not the greatest I have had, but perhaps one of the best available in Las Vegas, it is however definitely the best for the price.
Sliced Beef Roll - tastes good and fairly comparable to those offered at China Mama's, but I think the portion is more generous here.

Décor - almost none, except the lucky Buddha statue at the entrance.  1/5

Capacity - seats roughly 80 people, with 5 large round tables and 7 small 4-tops.

Service - Friendly, but you can tell they are barely keeping up with the demand of the busy restaurant. 3.5/5

Value - Fair to good. 3.5/5

Taste - Good.  4/5
Good new Chinese spot in Chinatown, stop in for the Dim Sum.

I had lunch here recently, and enjoyed what I ordered.  I had the lunch special, which is customizable.  My order:  Hot n' Sour soup and Pork soup buns (dumplings.)  

The soup was a little too viscous for my likings.  It was like a thick, egg drop soup.  The flavor was nice, both hot and sour as advertised, but I didn't love it. 

The pork soup buns were incredible.  The waitress recommended them, and she was spot on!  The dumplings were filled with tender pork, and a deliciously light broth.  Think of these as a self-contained, wonton soup.  

I like Three Village Restaurant a lot for it's great value, friendly service, and good dumplings.  Like all Dim Sum restaurants, this is better for groups so you can try it all.
I haven't had the dim sum yet. I just came here to try out their xiao long bao. It's alright. Doesn't stand out from other places. I think the juice inside was just a bit too sweet for my taste. However, I would come here if I crave xiao long bao. I'm not sure why many places use that black soy-vinegar sauce. I hate that smell and taste. Clear-white vinegar mix with soy sauce or lemon juice with the garlic has better taste.
I have been to this place twice in the past two weeks and give this place 4 stars, as you can see with my rating. =)

The place was clean and the staff was helpful.  The first time we came, they only had two high chairs for kids.  We had 3 babies that needed high chairs.  Luckily, one of our friends brought their portable infant seat, so no problems.  The reason why I mentioned this is that the 2nd time we went, the week after, they had 5 high chairs.  Talk about addressing the customer's needs.  =)

We had the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup.  This is basically a pork dumpling that has broth/soup inside and comes out when you bite into it.  I normally pick up the dumpling and put it into a soup spoon, so I don't lose the broth when I bite into it.  It lets me slurp up the broth that falls into the spoon after.  My buddy puts the dumpling into a small bowl, so that the broth doesn't escape.  To each their own.  =)  I found the broth tasty and the dumpling delicious.  Note, this is the first time I have tried this dish anywhere, so I have nothing to compare it to.  Regardless, my taste buds liked it.  =) 

We got the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup combination, which lets you pick from one of four soups they offer, I think...  I had the hot and sour soup.  The first week, it wasn't sour enough and was kinda bland.  The 2nd time it was fine for me.  I'll have to come back and see if they get consistent.  However, the bowl size is pretty large and just for an extra $1 with the combination, I'm not complaining.

Another dish we tried was the twice cooked pork.  If you like pork belly, do not get grossed out with fat, and not health conscious, I suggest you try this dish.  The pork belly and tofu is thinly sliced an tastes so good.  It is served in black bean sauce I think, so it has a slightly salty taste.  Note, it is normally served spicy, but we asked that the dish not be served spicy.  

Overall, I would come back here again.
The pork soup buns are very tasty. I love their combos. The soups are very light and not overly salted like many other chinese places.  Finally a place where you can dig in without feeling guilty :)
Service was okay the first time.. & the other food is okay.. but when I come here, I ALWAYS order the Sliced Beef Rolls.

I've been back here a number of times since with my friends and we like to order the beef rolls and the xiao long bao. It's very fragile and hot so when you pick it up to eat, you have to be very careful.

Otherwise, the service has been better. When I get the cravings for beef rolls, I head here.

If you want to pay with a credit card, there's a $20 minimum charge. Too high. :(
Had came here one day with friends after a few of them told me it being pretty good. Had been a while since i had shanghai style food so had hopes up =] 

So the restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Pacfic Asian? Mall on the south side of Spring Mountain near Decatur, by the "old" SF market. The restaurant took the spot of where the old Champion restaurant used to be.

Service was decent. Food was pretty good. Decent priced. Menu is kind of small and they are not an authentic full shanghai style restaurant. Reason why i said their menu is small and not an fully authenic shanghai style restaurant is because there is a few dishes i always order when i go to a shanghai style restaurant, which includes the shanghai style stir fried noodles and the shanghai style rice cake.

But anyways, of a party of 5, we had ordered a few things like the Xiao Long Bao, beef rolls, mapo tofu, and Shang Qian Bao. Some of these items were on their Lunch Special menu which is maybe a dollar more than the normal price but it comes with a choice of a soup (Hot and Sour Soup, Curry beef noodle soup, or this other noodle soup) and the main dish. 

Lets begin with my favorite Xiao Long Bao. Its a popular dumpling dish that usually come in 8 in a steamer rack. What makes them so popular is that it is a pork dumpling that has a "pouch" of soup that gets formed after the steaming process at the bottom of the dumpling. Extreme care when picking this up when its hot because the wrapper of the dumpling is more prone to breaking open because it is soft. Luckily for me, after many years of eating these, im quite skilled now to pick these up without it breaking and losing all that yummy soup. good tip is to slightly nudge in all direction with chopsticks on the top part where they had "Closed" the dumpling to lift the dumpling off the wax paper. With the use of both a spoon and chopsticks, lift it up from the top "knot" part and place onto spoon then bring back to your bowl. Be careful ! its hot but thats what makes it good too. Their Xiao Long Bao was made using a very thin wrapper (which is good). Also they contain possibly the MOST soup in each dumpling i have ever had which is quite surprising considering the thin wrapper too. Very nice and flavorful. Great eaten with vinegar (and ginger for those who like ginger, i personally dont haha)

Next is the beef rolls. One of my friends favorite item. 2 long wrap style rolls cut into portions. Nicely wrapped so it doesnt fall apart easily. Flavorful and good balance between the beef and the cilanto inside the wrap. 

Next is the mapo tofu. There are many ways of making this and ive tried quite a few from different restaurants around the world as well as home-made ones. Some like to add minced meat, or more spice, or more of the popular sichuan style spice which gives the "numbing" effect. This restaurants style is a plain cubed tofu with the mapo tofu sauce. Their style is more on the sweet than spicy side. Tofu used was a soft/silk style so its very smooth. 

Last but not least is the Shang Qian Bao. Its a bun style dumpling with probably the same filling as the XIao Long Bao that was pan fried so the bottom has a nice crisp. Topped with green onions and black sesame, their size is pretty good. Like the Xiao Long Bao, they contain soup inside to (so be careful when eating this one too). Nice and flavorful as well. 

Overall, the experience at eating at this restaurant was pretty good. Everything was decently price, fairly average for this style of cuisine. They currently have the best Xiao Long Bao in the city from the places i have tried. Would like to come here again =]
You can tell the place is authentic if youre the only non-Chinese party in the whole restaurant! I've always been wanting to try soup dumplings and finally found a place that serves them! Its location is not perfect: located on 2nd floor of the plaza with SF market and swish, and the restaurant's name is in Chinese so if you're not Chinese.. It will take you awhile to find the place. Luckily, I knew how to read "three" in Chinese and I guessed the rest...

Very small intimate restaurant with a great selection of dim sum menu. We ordered the combination that comes with a soup and an entree. It was a steal for $7-8! I ordered fried tofu soup with pork dumplings with supreme soup. My bf ordered curry soup with beef roll. The soups were big and filling but I was a little disappointed in the fried tofu.. There barely was any tofu and all I tasted was the batter.

It was my first time trying the soup dumplings and they were very fun to eat! They are very delicate so it's better to pick them up and place them on your soup spoon, if you don't you're most likely to break the dumpling and spill the soup which is the best part! That was my favorite dish. My bf loved the beef roll: beef and cilantro wrapped in crispy wonton roll. I only got to try one piece because I was too full from the soup and the dumpling but I wish I got to eat more. 

If you're on a budget and looking for a scrumptious meal, I would definitely recommend three village.
Little Dragon Bun. YUM!! Can't really get it anywhere else.

The beef roll was yummy too, but it was better the first time I was there but not the 2nd... but this is a great place to get Chinese food that you really can't find in most other restaurants... like the Little Dragon Bun!! It is a must try for anyone who hasn't, and a must have for those who have had it before.

Good food and average service for a Chinese restaurant. But a great location. I would say 3.5 stars, but I like this place so I'll round up.
thanks to Jane K.'s recommendation. me and my plus one decided to give it a try. first off, it's hard to get too. i couldn't find the exact location. the best way to get there is by parking on the 2nd floor and use the middle elevators that divide the plaza as a landmark, the restaurant is just passed those elevators. it's a quiet, small restaurant. we received great service from the young man server, but there was another server, an older woman, where we asked if there was pan-fried noodles and she said hold on. what the heck? ..well, to answer that, there's no pan-fried noodles. i got the combo of pork dumpling with supreme soup and curry beef thin noodle soup. and he got pan-fried pork bun and fried tofu thin noodle soup. pork dumpling supreme soup was deeeelish! i've only tried soup dumplings in socal so i was excited that there's a place in LV that serves them. the curry beef thin noodle reminded me of the soup my mom use to make when i got sick as child :) pan-fried pork bun tasted exactly like pork dumplings but wrapped thicker and pan-fried. i prefer not to order them together, they're almost the same dish! so, both our combos was a total of $17 +some change, which is not that bad!
Excellent pot stickers. Also the soup dumplings were comparable to ones I've had in nyc's famous joshanghai's restaurant in china town.  We ordered their special noodle (I don't know the name) that they are supposed to be known for...it seemed like it was microwaved before we got the plate, but I'm not sure because this was the first time I have ever had this type of noodle and have nothing to compare it to.

Went to get some more potstickers... Apparently they do not always make pot stickers. :( so heads up not everything on the menu is available.
Came here with a friend who said their buns are good. The soup was a little spicy and the pork dish was delicious. I would come back!
The soup dumplings were fun--I've never had them before. A little hard to find. The key is to look at the suite numbers.  Like several other places I've been to in Vegas, they only take cash.  If they took credit cards, I'd give another star.
I went for lunch with my family because I wanted some xiao long bao (soup style dumpling is what I believe is on the menu).
We ordered 2 steamed and 1 fried, also a beef roll, 8 ingredient noodle, some chicken dish, a fried pancake thing and something else I can't remember.

The steamed xiao long bao wasn't bad, I think they should have steamed it a little longer but the flavors were there and the best part is the juicy soup instead of the dumpling with some black vinegar - the only way to eat them!
The fried ones were pretty good, the dough to meat ratio was good and I just love the way the dough tastes with the juices on the inside.
The beef roll was pretty tasty, not too crazy oily, so that was good.
I could have done without the noodle dish because there should have been more sauce and there were indeed 8 ingredients, but they were a little cheap on it.  The noodles were freshly made, so that was a plus.
The chicken dish was horrible; it first came out with no flavor whatsoever.  We sent it back - instead of making another fresh dish, they re-cooked it adding more "flavor", but the meat got tough and there was slight flavor the second time.  It also just tasted like old chicken and something they probably cooked a couple times before.  We told one of the servers our problem with the chicken dish.  It seems like it went out the other ear because it was still on the bill.  We told another server the problem with the chicken and it still being on our bill and he went to take it off.  That just left a bad taste in our mouth since it was obvious that we didn't eat the chicken and all that.

We'll be back because of the xiao long bao.
Because I play mah-jong, I was able to spot the chinese character "3" in the name Three Village Restaurant.  And because the sign isn't in English, I was expecting authentic Chinese food that would transport me back to China.  Maybe I ordered the wrong items, because it was just OK.  I have had freshly made xiao long bao, and these did not taste fresh at all.  

The service, however, was the most disappointing part.  There was only 1 other table besides my family in the restaurant, and every time I attempted to get 1 of the 2 servers' attention, it was like hailing a cab in New York City.  They were just too busy talking to each other.  I am used to not so warm service in Chinese restaurants, but being completely ignored is unacceptable.
so i cam in today just for one thing and that is of course the Shanghai soup dumpling . i ordered to pan fries style OMG it was so delicious. all it need is some black vinegar, a lil chili paste and a few drop of soy sauce .... man it was super crispy on the bottom and steamy on the top. The feeling is super good ,the taste was on point and of course the juice just squirted out as soon as u take a bite... Warning juice from the Dumpling squirts up to 3 feet so watch out ...
ok.. if u follow me at all u know i love spicy and Asian food.. this place delivered... The food was really good but the dim sum was better than most. I really loved the dumplings.. and the service was good too.. Now.. it isn't my loved Dong Ting Spring.. but it is in the arena!
I've gone to the Three Villages 5 times for lunch.  The first few times, I just ordered what they're known for, the soup dumplings.  Although they're delicious, because they're a bit heavy, the last two times I ordered some of the other items on the menu.  The seasonal vegetable in garlic is some of the best I've ever had.  They didn't have my favorite, the snow peapod leaves but the ong-choy was outstanding.  Their hot and sour soup is also one of the best.  Unlike some restaurants that serve pre-made gummy and salty soup, the soup at this place came out perfect.  The last time I was there, I ordered the 8 Treasures noodle dish.  It was the freshest home-made noodles served with vegetables, shrimp, and meat.  The service was also very good.
This is a TRUE AUTHENTIC Chinese food restaurant you don't want to miss when you visit Vegas. The "little dragon steam bun"/steam pork dumpling is as good as the one you can have at "Din Tai Fong", a Chinese/Taiwanese owned chain restaurant in LA and in Taiwan. Other than that, the meat pancake, "cat ears" dish, scallion pancake, Shanghai stir fry rice cake and many more are fantastic.  You will trust me if you try the above.  ENJOY!
***3.5 stars***

Our hiking group went here today for our annual Chinese New Year lunch.  One of our hiking group is Chinese and she ordered the same thing for us all.  We had a choice of the soup we wanted--I chose hot and sour soup--and everyone got an order of Xiao Long Bao, the soup dumplings about which many of the reviews mention.

The soup and dumplings were both very good.  I've had Xiao Long Bao before at another restaurant and these were on par or even a bit better.  The hot and sour soup was tasty.  

Finding the place was a bit hard.  There was no sign that I saw--certainly none from the parking lot.  I knew it was on the second floor of this shopping plaza in Chinatown, but I didn't know to head down the little area that runs south from the elevator.

There were 10 of us at the round table.  Service was adequate--nothing special.  They delivered the dishes we ordered but did not bring refills of water and we had to ask for more tea.  One pot for a table of 10?

In all, it was a nice lunch to celebrate the Year of the Dragon.
So I have been here many times just finally writing a review.  I take a lot of out of town guests here to try something new they won't find at home.  We traveled across the world to have the original dumplings in Shanghai both fried and steamed they are street food there but to find them good here it is an experience.  We have searched the country over to find them in the US San Francisco, Chicago, New York and LA the only place that has come close was New York and LA.  So needless to say I was so happy to find better then New York or LA here in Vegas!  

The steamed dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)  in my opinion are the closest to the ones in Shanghai. Now here is the thing the fried soup dumplings (not sure of the actual name in Chinese) we have never found in the US are amazing here and just like the ones we had in Shanghai.  The owner who works in the kitchen is from Shanghai and makes the dumplings himself if you get there late they will be sold out of the fried ones.  I am almost always the only white person here so you know the food is good!   A few of the other things we always order is the Lamb Cumin and the Beef Roll also very good.

Most of the places we have found that have Xiao Long Bao the wrapping is thick, sticky and stale.  The trick to these dumplings is the wrapping is thin and it has to have an even mixture so the flavors fully come through or it is just a waste of time.  The wrapper here is so thin if you have heavy hands you will tear the wrapper and all the soup comes out!  Party Foul!!!!  So be very gentle picking it up put it softly in your soup spoon and bite a little off the top to let it cool.  Pour a bit of black vinegar in the opening and add your ginger to your liking.  Now If you let them sit too long in the tin they will start to stick to the bottom and the whole experience is ruined because you will never get any soup.  The pan Fried dumplings are thicker, bigger and have more meat in it.  You do not have to be careful picking these up but still gentle.  Do not let these sit to long either or the soup will absorb into the breading.

This place is a bit hard to find the name of the restaurant is written in chinese it is on the second floor kinda heading towards the back.  I just park of the second floor and head right in.  This is an authentic chinese restaurant so if you want nice waiters and tables that are constantly being bussed then this isn't your place.  But if you want authentic hard to find GREAT soup dumplings then head on in!
The only reason why I come here is to eat their Xiao Long Bao, and for their Xiao Long Bao and the other entrees that they have, I think this place deserves a 4 star. Like what other people said, this place now has the best Xiao Long Bao in Vegas and I loveee to eat them.

I liked most of the other food here too, all the dumplings, noodles, and the hot and sour soup is pretty good. I usually get the special that they have, so I get the entree and the soup too. The other soup are bad though, it tasted like they just used instant noodle soup... I tried their Shanghai Stir-fried noodle before, it tasted good, but a little too oily. Also, their Pan-fried Xiao Long Bao is just alright, I had it once and the some of the  soup inside it leaked, so almost half of them were dry inside.
Three Village is another favorite chinese restaurant of mine. You must try their pork dumplings very juicey and very tastey! Also i recommend ordering the beef wraps everyone loves it , along with their pork belly. Price is pretty cheap and you get your moneys worth.. service is great much better than all the other chinese restaurant.. I highly recommend this place if your ever in the chintown area..
This is an excellent authentic Shanghai style restaurant.  I tried the onion pancakes (cong you bing) and soup combo.  The onion pancakes were delicious and cooked perfectly.  For the soup, I picked hot and sour.  I was expecting a small bowl of soup since it was part of a combo but they brought a fairly large bowl.  This was some of the best hot and sour soup I've had, with lots of egg and tofu in it and a good broth that had just the right combination of hot and sour.  I also ordered the "empty center" vegetable (kong xin cai) - it was not bad but not sure I would order it again.

The service was good, with a friendly waitress that was attentive about keeping my water glass full.

Next time I plan to try one of their main specialties, the Shanghai dumplings with broth inside of them.
Have a crave for the pork dumplings one night and came here. There aren't a lot of restaurants in Vegas that offer that dish. Ordered a pork dumplings with supreme soup combo. I actually like the chicken soup they have. The pork dumplings are just alright.  My boyfriend ordered Mongolian beef but they gave us Mongolian lamb instead....Didn't bother to ask for a change because we are in a hurry. Food deserves 3.5 stars

Service- there's only one server at that time... It's slow and she is not really attentive. Asked for our bill few times and she still couldn't see us.  2 stars! 

What's worse is after I went home.... My throat felt so dry...Ah... Bet it's all the MSG in the soup!
As someone who eats Chinese food in New York City, Beijing, and all over the world, I can truly say that Three Village restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem, a real local treasure. Although the dumplings were perhaps a tad on the sweet side, they were very solid. Also the shanghai noodles were outstanding. However, by my lights the real surprise were the soups. The hot and sour and other soups that we tried were outstanding.

Service was friendly, polite, and efficient. Couldn't want anything better in that regard. The decor and atmosphere are straightforward and absolutely presentable. In short, amazing food for very little money. 

Highly recommended.
First things first, the food is great.  This is the only Shanghai place in Chinatown (I think) and their food is as close to authentic as Vegas can get.  I especially love their specials menu on the back where if you order one entree, you can get a soup for a little extra charge.  You can get a lot of food for under $10.  

When I went here, I ordered these noodles with beans, peanuts, mushrooms, tofu, and meat in a special sauce.  I think they're called Eight Noodles or something, but I love these.  Only Three Village serves these noodles.  Slightly spicy, piping hot, and al dente noodles, this was my favorite dish.  

I ordered it with the hot and sour soup.  Normally, restaurants add too much sour and corn starch so it becomes almost gelatinous.  Here, the texture of the soup was perfect as well as the balance between sour and spicy. 

The worst part of the restaurant, however, is the service.  Never before has the service been such a killer of my good-food feel.  I'm pretty tolerant of bad service, too, but the waitress ignored our table the entire time.  Even worse, there is only one waitress.  When I went, there was only one other table, and she spent 15-20 minutes conversing with the table while I had to get up and service myself.  Worst service.  Ever.
Awesome hidden gem that I just discovered.  This place has the best Xiao Long Bao - hands down.  When you go to China Mama or Wendy's, the XLB are shriveled up and sometimes completely dried out.   The XLB at Three Village are probably at least 33% bigger in size and does not look like it was frozen.   These are handmade.

The pan fried XLB are also delicious but very filling.   I prefer the steamed but many will like the pan fried especially if you're a fan of the pan fried noodles.

We also ordered the lamb dumplings which were very addicting.  We will soon return within 15 hours as we're returning the next day to try their vegetable and fish dumplings.   The Shanghai Stir fried noodles were extremely flavorful but a little oily.  Still very good.

I'm amazed this place has only 3.5 stars.   This should be at least 4 stars.  They have combos where you can get xiao long bao along with a soup for maybe 1-2 dollars more.  We had some hot and sour soup which was decent but the star of the show is the dumplings.   

Prior to coming here I would go to Noodle Pot for dumplings.  Their dumplings are very good - very homestyle, simple.   These dumplings are Shanghai style more refined.  They're both great options but in terms of Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings, this is the new king.

** Warning - there is usually only 1 waitress serving.  It is worth the wait or go kill time and come back when it dies down....The food is awesome - only downside is the wait **
the soup dumplings (house shanghai dumplings and shanghai pan-fried dumplings) are the beSTTTT! best in vegas for me so far. I love them so much, i rarely venture off to try other items on the menu.
Great shanghai soup bun. It is the best in town. Just be careful of the hot yummy juices inside the bun. The hot and sour soup is by far the best in town.
Well isn't this a hidden gem my parents found in Chinatown of Las Vegas!  I was so excited to learn that there was some what of an authentic place to eat Shanghainese/Taiwanese/Chinese style food in Vegas!  

I must say first this, you need to understand that it is nearly impossible to get the same kind of food you get when you're either in China or Taiwan, probably because it something in the water, or just that the best cooks stay in their home country! ;-)  

This place however, comes close at satisfying those cravings for the things I love to eat in Asia!  

A few of my favorites here are the beef rolls, wrapped in green onion pancakes, the xiao long bao (little soup dumplings), the fish dumplings, stir-fry rice cakes (shanghainese style), and the Jing Dong bing (which is a type of pancake with pork inside).  

Each bite was sooo nostalgic to Asia!  Although it cannot compare to the places I've eaten at in Taiwan, it was pretty close and I can't complain...It is much much cheaper to drive to spring mountain to grab a quick bite than to fly to Asia for a long trip! ;-) Am I right? 

Service is a bit slow at this place, but that's probably because there's only 1 lady running the entire restaurant in the front (or at least that what it seemed to me when I was there).  I understand hard work and the amount of stress it is to be in that position, so I decided to just jump in and help her with refilling the tea pots at my table and grabbing some take out boxes!  She didn't seem to mind, and in fact, she seemed pretty happy to see so many of my friends and I enjoy the food at her restaurant.  

I am definitely coming back here again to get my cravings satisfied! =D
It's a mystery to me that this place does not have a 5 star rating.  If it was possible I would give them 10 stars!  Their dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are to die for.  They offer them steamed or pan-fried.  Both varieties are good, but I prefer the steamed, as the pan-fried are much larger and seem to be more wrapper, making it harder to enjoy the flavor of the pork filling.  We've loved every variety that we've tried, Shang hai style (pork), house, seafood, and lamb.  The pork belly is so freaking good too.   I enjoy their beef roll pie, which is a green onion pancake stuffed with beef & fresh cilantro, but be warned that it is very filling.  If you order any of their combo dishes, you get a choice of soup with your dish : hot & sour, beef noodle curry, or tofu noodle curry.  I'm a big fan of the beef noodle curry.

Be very careful when eating the steamed dumplings; they come out VERY fresh and VERY hot.  My technique is to poke a small hole in the top to allow it to cool for a minute before attempting to eat it.

This place is such a great value, as every time we come we pig out, but when the bill comes it's so cheap for all of the delicious dumplings that we put away.  Without question this is my favorite place to eat, and I just can't get enough of their authentic dumpling goodness.
This place lives up to the hype because the food is absolutely delicious and pretty darn cheap too. So I read from other reviews that its kind of difficult to find because the sign is in Chinese, however I think that was awhile back ago because there is a huge sign now in English that says 3 Village. It's actually big enough to be seen from down the parking lot and even when driving on Spring Mtn. None the less, the restaurant is located upstairs just south of the elevator. My friend and I came during a week day for lunch and I would say it was about 75% filled to occupancy and that's a good amount considering it was a week day. Also all the patrons looked Chinese except us, which implies this place is authentic right? We both order the specials that comes with the soup. The fried tofu was really delicious with a home made taste, but modified for a restaurant. Loved it! We also had the pork dumpling and beef roll. The dumpling was AMAZING because you immediately know these are made in house and they even have some broth inside of them?! Really unique because I've never had dumplings with liquid inside. The beef roll was really good too. I was expecting this to be like a spring roll but it was kind of different because it was some type of thin savory pancake they rolled the beef in. Lastly both the soup and beef roll had cilantro in them and I love cilantro so it really added the taste of freshness to both dishes. Highly recommend this place, the only down side it that the service is terrible. Probably because there was only 1 server taking care of the entire front of the house? We asked for water- never got it, didn't check up on us after receiving our food and it took awhile for us to get our check. I was actually going to order something to-go, but I gave up. Why must Chinese restaurants have bad service 90% of the time?!
It feels like it's been a while since I've had the pleasure of writing a 5 star review.   That's not for lack of trying, but lately new places I've tried just simply have not completely impressed me.  Today that changed.

I'd been wanting to try Three Village for quite some time ever since I'd read some of the extremely positive reviews of their XLB or Soup Dumplings as us normal people call them (kidding).   I used to frequent China Mama regularly and really loved their version, so I was excited to try these as they seem to be more popular.  I ordered the Shanghai Soup Dumpling Combo with The Beef Curry Noodle Soup, and my friend ordered some noodle dish that I can't find any evidence of what it was called here on the site.  I should have paid more attention.  He got the Hot and Sour soup just so he could be different from me.  We also shared a Beef Roll.

First up was my soup in a much larger than I anticipated bowl.  I figured since it was part of the combo special it'd be a small serving.  I actually thought they might have made a mistake and brought out the same soup for my friend and I thinking we'd ordered the same kind.  It had a great mild curry flavor, and had quite a bit of noodle and not enough beef for my liking, but is there EVER enough beef for my liking?  Really loved the flavor on this.  Next came the soup dumplings and my friend's noodle dish at once, so now we were certain they'd forgotten his hot and sour soup.  I wasn't quite ready to bring it up.  Naturally I loved the soup dumplings.  They were every bit as good as I remember the China Mama version, but the advantage Three Village has is that they seemed more carefully made.  At Mama I had a lot of experience with dumplings that would burst open upon merely being touched by a chopstick, and the wrapper would just seem almost too thin and soft if that's even possible.  Many a shirt have been ruined by myself there.  Here, I didn't have one soup spillage incident.  Every single dumpling made it to my spoon for me to carefully bite the small hole into it myself.  Same great taste, less ruined shirts.  PLUS, I got to see my friend attempt to just simply pop one into his mouth even as I warned him against it.  I really wish I hated my friend so I could have enjoyed this experience more.  I'd advise anyone to bring their most hated enemy that doesn't know about soup dumplings to do this

Moving on, I really liked my friend's noodle dish as well.  It had all kinds of ingredients that I could see, including but not limited to tofu and I believe shrimp?  If I don't order it, I don't pay enough attention.   I really thought I'd find a pic of it in the pictures here on yelp, but no.   Then came my friend's hot and sour soup and the beef roll.   I wasn't too fond of his soup.  I explained I prefer it to be much more vinegary as I'm used to it at potentially more Americanized Chinese restaurants.  He said this was more traditional.   I don't know if I should believe a man who didn't even know how to eat soup dumplings, but okay.  It wasn't by any means bad, but I just like more SOUR in my hot and sour soup that I don't think this provided.  The beef roll was magical.  I'd had this dish several times at Mama but I gotta say I much prefer this version.  Much less greasy, but with all the amazing flavor I recall.  A must order.

Service was friendly, fast, and efficient.  The only extremely minor gripe might be the order in which the food came out seemed haphazard and random, but really when all the food is as good as it was, I didn't really mind.
Living (part-time) in Vegas has allowed me to try a whole bunch of new foods I haven't been able to try - Vegas has convenient parking and amazing restaurants all within a close radius of each other. My first time at Three Village was also my first time having soup dumplings. I was in NY previously and wanted to try the famous Prosperity Dumpling, but it was too out of the way and the dirtiness kind of turned me off.  The soup dumplings here were really tasty  and since I have no frame of reference, are the best I've had so far. It was a good change of pace from the traditional steamed and fried dim sum I'm used to. 

They provide very large portions here - we did the soup dumpling combo with the hot and sour soup. The soup came in a very large bowl and was very flavorful, with a generous amount of egg and tofu pieces. We also had the Chicken "Beacon" (supposed to be bacon) Vegetable Rice. It was really moist, good ginger flavor and I'll think I'll try making it at home in my rice cooker. I'll be definitely coming back here to explore more of the menu. Service was attentive and the dining room was immaculately clean. It's on the 2nd floor of the complex and their is convenient parking lot right off the back door of the restaurant. Thanks Vegas yelpers for another great find!
While reading a vegas weekly magazine one sunny afternoon I came across a small little ad on three villages. Shanghai style dimsum it says. I am obviously intrigued. So I go to my fav yelp ap and find out what the fuss is all about. 4 star, hmmm definetely worth a check out. 

Off we went. Me and my lovely wife to enjoy the flavorful new food from a restaurant that we havent try before.

We have the shanghai dumpling which I can honestly says one of the best I have in a long time. Its really up there with din tai fung dumpling. I also ordered the 8 combination noodles. Its absolutely fantastic. I havent enjoy eating this much. But this restaurant will be one of my new fav.
I've been looking for uncomplicated family style Chinese food in LV and this is it! My friends and I enjoyed pretty much every item we ordered. The only exceptions were the soup dumplings and the regular dumplings. The dumpling wrap was too doughy but the inside contents were still tasty. I really enjoyed the following items:

1. Spicy fish and tofu soup - AMAZING!!! I didn't catch the name but show them the photo if you want to try it. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/three-village-restaurant-las-vegas?select=4Wt4TSz7gC92XE_IQQfY0g#JSAKBr-cfIIfCU4nfIlmig
2. Beef roll - the chives on the wrap brings this dish together!
3. Chia Chia Myun - noodles in black bean and pork sauce
4. Chinese broccoli - I could simply eat this and rice! Stir fried and perfectly salty!

Lastly, they don't serve alcohol in the restaurant but they allow BYOB. What a great inexpensive dining experience. 

Tip: Oh and you might want to bring a Chinese friend because the staff does not speak too much English.
Oh, yes! I'm definitely a fan of these so called 'soup dumplings'....

Ordered the following with hubby tonight
Combo - hot n sour soup w/ pan fried dumplings
Combo - hot n sour soup w/ beef roll
steamed potstickers

Hot-n-sour soup was delish and by far my most favorite of anywhere I've ever had it.
Beef roll was not greasy at all despite the way it looks - yummy, but something I can pass on next time.  The steamed potstickers were ok...I actually messed this one up because they are normally pan fried and I had them change it to steamed on accident - I was really trying to order some steamed soup dumplings.  Oh well, we'll just have to come back to try them another time - cuz we'll definitely be back.

The star of our meal were the pan fried soup dumplings...I just wish I knew how to mix the vinegar, chili and soy sauce - lol!

I can't wait to go back and try the pork belly and bacon rice!
First off, Three Villages is tucked away in the corner on the second floor of that Pacific Center/ Asian center with Bazic and Hue Thai -- near the "Massage" place. I've never had Northern style Chinese so I'm really glad I had the opportunity to try it. 

I ordered their steamed pork dumplings, no need to poke holes, possibly losing its contents, or any of that nonsense. Just gave it a little sauna bath in the vinegar/soy sauce for a few seconds to cool off and bada-bing you can down that sucker. Also, enjoyed the beef roll, slices of been wrapped in a thin tortilla like scallion pan cake. Lastly we ordered the Shanghai style noodle, slightly larger than chow mein with pieces of pork and napa cabbage. Overall great, warm food for 2 carbivores on a chilly day. While I'm not dying to return, I'm gonna go back when I need more yummy soup dumplings in my life. 

According to the homie Tony T., the place has changed hands several times and as a result the quality has suffered. I couldn't really tell as I don't have a previous experience to use as a reference point and enjoyed the food, place was clean and service was prompt and on point.
The soups here are amazing.  I should say though is that their broth is amazing, really good taste to it.  I had the pan fried dumplings, which are my favorite.  You have to be careful though, because the soup that come out of them is HOT!
This restaurant has made me one of the worst Las Vegas hosts ever. Because every time somebody comes to town and asks for Chinese, this is one of my top 3 suggestions and I almost always end up ordering the same thing. Hey, when you're Chinese and you go Chinese, there's no need to be adventurous anymore. 

Some of their top hits are their beef wrap (NOM NOM NOM), golden tofu, Shanghai rice cakes, and xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I'm a shameless xiao long bao elitist and my standards are higher than Yao Ming stands tall, but for the price at this joint, you are getting what you pay for, and it's good! 

The staff is exactly what you expect and look for in an Asian restaurant - attentive but in the backdrop so as not to interrupt the loud conversation about the table about homeland politics, scandals, and other gossip. 

Chew on!
After reading the Yelp reviews, I was able to find this restaurant with ease. They were located on W Spring Mountain Rd/near W Decatur Blvd  in Las Vegas. I drove up the ramp and found the English and Chinese names for the restaurant.  They have an English sign now.  

They don't really serve the traditional Dim Sum with the metal carts.  The menu calls some of their dishes Dim Sum.

I went for late dinner on a Thursday night.  The restaurant was half full.  The styrofoam containers were stacked in plain sight.  The cash register area was a mess.

There was only one server running his tail off. He brought me complimentary hot tea, the food, and the bill.  Those were the only times he came to my table.

The Beef Roll was okay.  There were 2 rolls on a plate which were sliced.  The sliced beef was unusual.  The beef and cilantro were rolled in a grilled wrap.  I used a lot of chili paste to give it flavor.

The 8 steamed hot soup dumplings were okay.  This was the first time I have had something like this.  I was prepared for the soup to squirt out as I bit into the dumpling.

I would rather have wonton soup or a plate of potstickers.  I don't think I would come back.
I stopped by purely for the authentic shanghai soup dumplings, which they did not disappoint.  I've been to Din Tai Fung near L.A. last year and was a bit disappointed that their soup dumplings were a bit off (probably a taiwanese style soup dumpling).  The dumplings were still good, but the skin was too thick.

The dumplings at 3 Village are pretty close to the motherland version.  The skin was thin and there was a right amount of juice to meat ratio.  Definately a great spot for a quick bite or a traditional dinner.

We also ordered the spicy beef and fish which was delicious as well.
Different take on Dimsum ordered Ala Carte food was good although some of the dumplings were flavored differently from the typical Dimsum Dumplings. Definitely will try again the food.
Really impressed with their xiao long bao (Shanghai steamed dumplings). I'm not an expert on them, but theirs are my second fave (Joe's in NY is still #1). I liked them so much I got two orders.
Better than noodle pot and they take credit cards! I'm a big fan of the beef rolls here, especially since they are consistently crispy on the outside unlike noodle pot which is hit or miss depending on how busy.  The shanghai fried noodles were flavorful and the pork in the dish is really tender.  The xiao long bao is also better than Wendy's...so all in all solid place for food.  The downside is the service....don't get me wrong very friendly server....but it was one guy serving 9 tables.  Not just serving the tables, but seating, cleaning the tables, grabbing the check...refilling water....it felt like a real life version of the cooking mama game.  Despite the slow service, I'd still return for the food.
Went there last Friday .. Sing said move downstairs .
It is no longer the same super fantastic restaurant..
The afternoon special no longer, the good beef noodle from the previous owner no longer serve replaced by thin Japanese ramen just awful.
The pan fried buns were just passed. Missed the old 'Three Villages '
It was a fantastic restaurant.. The new place just not worth the trip.
Sadly, I think 3 Villages is no more!

Went last night craving soup dumplings - and there is a sign on the door saying the restaurant has moved downstairs...but it is NOT 3 Villages. It is called "1900" - very different menu. "The Guy" was nowhere in sight. I asked the waitress, "Why did you move" and she answered "I don't know - maybe they had some disagreement?" which I took to mean that the people running 1900 are not the 3 Villages people.

As for the food, ehhhh...most of what we asked for was not actually available, and the few things we got - beef roll, xuxi smoked fish, and shanghai noodles were just OK. 

I mourn the soup dumplings!
I was debating between 3 and 4 stars but when I remembered the workers, the service, and how long it took to get our food... I decided to go with 3. Also, the steamed soup dumplings that everyone raved about.... definitely just a 3. Have you tried these dumplings in NYC or LA? Honestly, they are incomparable. 

My visit here was still very much rewarding because I devoured their noodles in black bean sauce. I've always been a big fan of this dish, but many Chinese restaurants tend to screw it up... making it too bland or too salty. They did a great job here! The noodles were sticking together a bit too much, but that didn't stop me from finishing the entire bowl! It was delicious. 

My other favorite item had to be their hot and sour soup. Not too salty, great flavor, hearty, generous portion, and it certainly made me happy :). 

For a Chinese restaurant, the food took WAYYY too long. The hot and sour soup came first, but not for a little while. Probably at least 10-15 minutes. Soup at a Chinese restaurant is usually at your table within the first couple minutes tops. It took another 10 minutes or so for the noodles with black bean sauce. Thank goodness this dish was so damn good, otherwise I would've gotten irritated at how much longer the dumplings took. Once the dumplings got there, we realized we are getting pretty full. Then, perhaps 30 minutes after the dumplings arrived, when we were pretty much done eating, the beef roll was put on our table. Ummm... oops. Forgot we even ordered that! We technically should've just sent it back politely letting them know that we are done eating already, and over 45 minutes for a not-so-complex dish is unacceptable. Instead, we went the more civil route and boxed it up to take home. 

So overall, the prices here are fair, the ambiance is average (definitely doesn't feel like a Chinese restaurant though), and the mood is pretty dull. The workers were super unfriendly, swamped with only a few tables, and inattentive. They have a lot to work on, but some of their dishes are so good that they're worth going back for.
The Chef moved downstairs, 1900 Restaurant or 1900 Cuisine Restaurant (not sure of the exact name) still delicious and more menu options. They have Giant Soup Dumplings $4.99 for one. So good! Service is still terrible.
Food is still good, maybe even better. The service is still the same, actually even worst. I still give the food 4 to 5 stars but service is negative 4 to 5 stars.
My boyfriend has been bugging me for weeks to come here.  We stopped by once at 7pm and they were closed.  On this night we thought we would try it again, we found out they have only been open for 2 weeks!  So the night we stopped by they were still training.  He was so excited he could barely contain himself, we walk in to a large 2 story room filled with Asians always a good sign for a shanghais style restaurant!  I was as usual the only white person and we were probably the only one language couple in the place and that one language not being Mandarin or Shanghainese.  We were really looking forward to this!

As we gaze at the menu we knew it was going to be hard they had little to no english on the menu besides the actual menu items.  That is not a problem we have been to countries were no one speaks our language and we are lucky if we have pictures to decide what we will eat.  But here in the US we usually reserve these places for when his dad comes to town to help us navigate the menu.  So we relied on the waitress who spoke good english.  We told her we are open to anything and that me (the white girl will try anything)  She recommended a few things and we sat waiting with anticipation for our meal.

Munchies roasted peanuts with salt, Nummy!
1.  Cabbage in Chefs special sauce $8.50 cooked cabbage in a thick broth of sorts.  Was my favorite of the night the sauce was so good I did add the cabbage with a healthy portion of sauce to my rice and enjoyed over and over again.  5stars
2.  Xiao Long Bao $7.50 Oh boy were we excited to see this one if you have read my earlier reviews you will know I am a critic after having the real thing in Shanghai.  These are homemade however the dumpling wrapper is to thick and over powers the actually goodness inside (not much soup) but with that said if you're new to them you will not break them but eat them right away.  2 stars
3.  Waitress recommendation Pork Ribs in sweet & sour sauce $9.50 good but not great will not order again.  It was good but nothing to write home about average to less to any another place in town.  2 stars
4.  Waitress recommendation Curry Sirloin in clay pot $12.50.  The meat was nice well done but the sauce was watered down and nill to none as far as the sauce goes it was filled however with boiled radish that took on the flavor of the curry but just didn't cut it for me.  I felt for that price more meat should have been added.  2 stars 
We did add sides of rice they do not have brown rice.

2 of the 4 items ordered were our choice the other 2 were the waitresses.  We felt her choices were a watered down version of other places we have been to in town nothing to come back for.  The Xiao Long Bao were a disappointment we will not go back for those.  The only really good item was the Cabbage in Chefs special sauce and sadly that is not enough to fill a belly unless you lived in long ago days.

We will be back to give it another shot but we were sadly disappointed in this experience.  But if you read Shanghainese you may find some hidden treasures that I would love to hear about and try on my next visit!
Lovely decor. Good attempt, but honestly every thing was bland or way too salty! Ugh!  Prices are horrendous for the amount I food that you get. So skimpy. 


The food:
-sweet and sour spare ribs. Seriously where were the meat in this? All you got was bone and fat...and the sauce was way too vinegary. 
-fried yellow fish: mini pan fried fishes... crispy yes, salty? yes...way too salty. Any other flavors that redeemed the dish? NO, not at all. For like $12 you got 6 pieces of fish.. really not worth it
-stir fried veggies assortment: There were celery, carrots, bamboo sprouts, button mushrooms, and this one root vegetable. This was good..but you really can't mess up a stir fry. Nothing spectacular though. Definitely some I can recreate for a lot less at home.
-Stir Fry noodles: Specialty! according to the staff.. umm yea no. Basically thick udon noodles cooked with cabbage and dressed with LOTS of soy sauce.. common people
-pan friend veggie rice cake: This dish was good. Lots of shanghainese food includes some assortment of rice cakes.. This was actually good, that is until we found a big long piece of hair in it. YEA....

All in all the experience was quite horrible. Upon telling the waitress that we found hair in our food she just stood there looking confused. Took our credit card and said nothing else... REALLY??????? No apologies nothing? Give me a break. My mother was so furious that she didn't even want to stay to complain. We just walked out.

Really would NEVER visit this place again. The funny thing is upon us leaving the restaurant another party was complaining about how bad their experience were as well. Apparently they were served RAW pork and chicken. That is a big no no no no. Also, they received very bad service and had to get up and ask just to have their tea kettle refilled with water. 

I give them props for having such a nice decor and making their menu look very appetizing, but really, this place is a disgrace to Shanghai style food. I would not recommend it to anyone.

Honestly too, i never give out one stars..but this time with the poor service...they definitely deserve it.
This restaurant is named for The Bund, the famous waterfront landmark in Shanghai.  And according to my Shanghainese in-laws, the restaurant is quite authentic.  Just as there are many types of "asian" cuisine, China also has different styles of Chinese food, and Shanghai Cuisine is what is highlighted at Bund Shanghai.  This style of cooking is more on the sweet side, and is often braised in soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, or wine.  

Xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) are very typical Shanghai cuisine.  An order comes with 8 delicate dumplings. They were very flavorful, however not filled with as much "soup" as I prefer.  This may be due to the fact that the wrapper they use is a bit thicker and may have absorbed it.  When this order is placed at your table, you want to eat it right away, before it cools. We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Buns and the Pork Pot Stickers.  They were also flavorful, but they don't compare to my favorite, Din Tai Fung in SoCal.  

We also ordered Grandma's Made Braised Pork in Soy Sauce.  This is a winning dish.  Be warned that there are thick pieces of pork fat on each piece, that I usually discard, but the actual meat is tender and delicious.  If you prefer spicy food, there are also Szechuan dishes offered such as Kung Pao Shrimp and Mongolian Beef, where the bright red spicy chiles are infused in every bite.  

This restaurant is probably one of the most elegantly decorated authentic Chinese restaurants that I have ever eaten at.  Also the cleanest! The service was very friendly, however my in-laws communicated in their native dialect of Shanghainese to the servers the entire time.  Thus, I do not know if their will be a language barrier if I attempt to dine on my own.  This is obviously a very popular spot for the Chinese community in Las Vegas as the restaurant was quite busy the entire time we were there.  The owner of the restaurant also stopped by the table to check on us, she doted on my kids, conversed with my in-laws where we learned that her sister owns the Bund Shanghai Restaurant in San Francisco.  

I highly recommend this restaurant.  There may be some dishes that you have never seen before, but be daring- give it a chance! And a huge plus is that the menu is an art piece in itself.  Every page has beautiful colorful photos of the dishes in case the description isn't enough to wet your appetite!
Great service!  Loved the rice cake.
I dont care whether the service is good or  not, loud or quiet.
The food there is REAL Shanghainese food!!!
Some people dont like it because they dont like the food.
oh you know what. cuz you are not shanghainese.
This is the first place doing so traditional shanghainese food in town.
i love it.
Normally only one restaurant in each city will serve xao long bao (soup inside) dumpling. This is the one. Amazing!
The unexpected location of this restaurant surprised us.  It's nestled in between a gas station and other industrial looking stores.  Weird location?  Didn't stop us from going.  Noodles and dumplings are a major weakness of mine, so upon finding out that this new place served juicy pork dumplings/xiao long bao, we were there.  Service was friendly for even American standards, and they even checked in on us a few times and asked why didn't finish our onion pancakes (more on that later).

I was jonesing for some fresh soy milk, but they had ran out of it.  Oh well, stick with good ol' cleansing hot tea.  On to the food!

1.  Thick Fried Noodles - Chewy noodles, essence of wok hei and savory flavors of soy sauce.  This seemed more like a Ameri-nese (a la Panda Express), but adding in some vinegar and hot sauce, we were happily slurping all the noodles.
2.  Onion Pancakes - We enjoyed the overall crispiness, but what was lacking was more flaky layers.  Concerned, they asked us why we did not finish the pancakes, we had to lie that we were too full to eat it, but truly, even if we were full, our gluttonous selves would have made room had it been more flaky.
3.  Xiao Long Bao/Juicy Pork Dumplings - Clear, flavorful juice, thin chewy skin.  Impressive for the Las Vegas area.  As always, we must compare to famous Din Tai Fung, the skin wasn't as thin an membranous and the volume of broth was less voluminous.

Conclusion:  For the Las Vegas area, it's certainly not the best, but this will do for my XLB cravings.
This is definitely the nicest asian restaurant off the strip.  The decor, plating, and cleanliness sets Bund apart from any other place on Spring Mountain.

The star of the show was their Lion's Head Meatball.   You get 4 baseball size meatballs that are so soft, moist, and brings back childhood memories.   The meatballs are bursting with flavor and you'll want to drench the sauce and mop it up with a bowl of rice.   These meatballs are so good an Italian grandmother would be proud.  And for less than $10 it is a steal.  I will be back for Lion's Head for sure.

As for the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), that was a much different story.  For those who are fans of the XLB, you obviously have not tried 3 Villages located walking distance around the corner.   The XLB here had little to no soup and the meat was not well seasoned.  Last the wrapper was overly thick.  I would expect much more here.   If you don't believe me, go ahead and do a taste test - order a XLB here and immediately walk over to 3 Villages (same plaza as Veggie House and Island Malaysia - upstairs)
As a half-Shanghainese who grew up eating my late Grandmother's Shanghainese cooking, I had often lamented when I had lived in San Francisco the lack of quality, authentic Shanghainese food there. 

Fast forward several years, I now have my own family, and moved to Las Vegas. Finding a good Chinese restaurant here has been a challenge, let alone a restaurant serving a niche cuisine such as Shanghainese. 

Enter Bund Shanghai. 

We were excited to see a menu that offered some authentic dishes, so we ordered many dishes to sample. Xiaolong bao was fantastically thin-skinned, fried pork buns were juicy yet crunchy. The drunken chicken could've used more wine sauce, but tasted authentic. We ordered the braised pork knuckles which were according to my wife, better than what she tasted in China, and the braised fish was authentic and tasty, albeit on the salty side. The fried shrimp without shells (a Shanghainese staple) were crisp and tasted very fresh. I was told that they cannot source small freshwater shrimp in Vegas, so they used salt water shrimp. Delicious nevertheless. The fried red bean cake was also delicious and very authentic.

Some other reviewers noted that they received horrible service. Not our experience there. Our waitress Jane (yes I took the time to ask for her name) made us feel right at home, and her hospitality was unmistakenly Shanghainese as well. If you have seen In the mood for love by Wong Kar Wai, you'll know what I mean.

Did I gush and was I being overly sentimental? Probably. But the Bund will enrich my family's life as Las Vegans, and I would give them 10 stars if I could.

Locals, don't miss this place. And please, don't order Kung pao chicken or sweet and sour pork. You can do that at Panda Express.
The braised pork shank is unbelievably delicious! But don't order it if you have less than three people to go in with. The plate is so huge!
This is the best Chinese Restaurant off the strip in Vegas. What stand out most are it's decoration, cleaness, and most importantly, the great taste of the entries. If you want to treat your lady, your business partner or someone you care a lot about, with delicious Chinese that is on par or better than the best sushi or steak dinner you've had, try Bund Shanghai. You won't be dissapointed.
Without a doubt, one of the best Chinese meals I have ever eaten in Las Vegas! 

Just back from Shanghai, the name of the restaurant jumped out us. We've driven past several times, but tonight we decided to give it a try, and, wow, what a treat! The service was extremely friendly and attentive and the suggestions turned out to be exquisite. Each dish was better than the last. 

If you want authentic Shanghai style food, get over to Bund Shanghai. I just loved it. Clean, friendly, well-priced, and absolutely delicious food. I can't wait to go back.
The food is really good. I recommend  eating there.  Just visiting Las Vegas and a friend recommended this place.
Ok, so the place itself is really nice w/ very modern decor, etc and the family who owns/operates it are pleasant and the food is tasty and fresh. Portions are average, as are prices and selection is enormous. (Where else have you had mango chicken?) Here's a tip though - if you want something you have to ask for it- and if you are English speaker only, you may need to find the right person to be understood, but if you ask you will get (although it may take a moment or two.) PS They serve white fungus instead of a fortune cookie at the end - very tasty, unique, and classy. 3 stars only because it was difficult at times to communicate so with the occasional wait, sometimes we didn't really know if we were being understood.
This 2 story restaurant was pretty busy for a Monday evening, but we were quickly seated. The menu is very diverse and includes many funky dishes, but we went conservative by ordering Szechuan eggplant hot pot that came out sizzling and a lamb stir fry with green onions. Both dishes were executed to perfection and delicious.
Adding to our pleasure, we found the wait staff to be very hospitable and professional so this restaurant will remain on my To Do list.
Wow unbelievably beautiful hole in the wall restaurant.  The storefront definitely doesn't do it justice.  I split the lunch special Blackened Beef dish, their signature Shanghai Siu Long Bao,  and for dessert their Fried Man Tao (a Shanghai version of Beignets served with condensed milk).  The blackened beef was perfectly seasoned and stir-fried with red & green bell peppers and mushrooms.  Not too salty and the beef was not over cooked.  Their Siu Long Bao were steam filled with tender pork & soup.  Every bite was an explosion of flavor--a definite must try.  Their fried man tao were similiar to fried donuts but with a firmer consistency similar to bread.  It's got a crispy outer shell and soft breaddy inside.  It's not sugary like the american donut, but it is served with condensed milk so you can modify the sweetness yourself.  I'm excite to go back and try their hand-made Shanghai noodles next time!
I had a great foodie experience when I went to Shanghai and I wanted to relive that experience so I went here with a group. The restaurant was almost empty but the parking lot was full. Clean, bright and enough room.

We ordered crispy fried salty pork shank, pan-fried dumplings, crab and pork xiao long bao, yang chow fried rice, mushroom with vegetable and Chongqing chicken. The crispy fried pork was everything the name implies: really salty and crispy. I recommend dipping it in vinegar to tone down the salt. The pan-fried dumplings were a bit doughy and not as good as the ones I had at Yang's Fry Dumplings in Shanghai (the best ones you'll ever have). The xiao long bao wasn't soupy at all. The filling was good though.

We saw "Gold Marijuana Cake" on the menu. Really? Marijuana??? We were going to order it for dessert but when we were putting an order for it our server turned red from embarrassment. She said it's supposed to say "gold sesame cake" not marijuana! Lost in translation!

They gave us free dessert: cold mung bean soup. It wasn't good and I'm glad it was free. They have soy milk so I ordered it. They serve it cold but they gave me hot soy milk because that's what I had for breakfast in China. Yay! It was hot, sweet and simple. I did my happy dance.

I know I seem to be comparing the food here with what I had in China, however, to have these offerings here in Vegas is good enough reason to come here. Better than the Panda place. Will I come back? Maybe, for the pan-fried dumplings and soy milk. And no, they don't give you fortune cookies after your meal.
I'm always on the hunt for new places in town and with Groupon's help, I got the opportunity to check this place out. 

The restaurant is enormous. Two stories and very spacious. We came for lunch on a Saturday and we were the only customers for a good portion of our meal. Our server was very friendly and helpful. She made suggestions and was incredibly attentive with refills. When I ordered iced tea, she recommended it sweetened, which I'm not a fan of, but she was so insistent I just went along with it. The tea was pretty terrible. It really tasted like it was powdered instant Nestea or something. I'm not sure if it was, but I ended up just asking for water instead. 

I knew I needed to try their soup dumplings and I ordered a curry noodle soup as my main dish. The soup dumplings were ok, not the best I've ever had, but ok and I'd like to try some of their other dumpling options as well. My curry noodle soup was huge. I ended up dishing it up for my mom and fella to also share with me and we still didn't finish it. This dish wasn't the best, so I don't think I'd probably order it again, but it was ok. The menu is extensive and I'm interested in trying some more of their menu items that looked interesting, but nothing was really a standout. Hopefully that will change on my next visit.
Nothing we ate was fantastic, but it was ok. The noodle soup was tasty. The tea sucked. We commented that it tasted like powdered tea, but who knows. It was my first time trying soup dumplings and I'm not sure what I think about them yet. My girl said they were just ok. Service was good, although the restaurant was empty aside from us.
08/05/13 DINNER

You know, I really should be ashamed of myself.

You see, I go out to restaurants a lot. Way too much for my limited "income" bracket. I end up spending virtually every penny I have doing stuff, like dining out. But one of the perks of dining out a lot is that I get, I think, a fairly good perspective of the quality of the restaurants where I live or (now very rarely) travel.

The past months, since my last Yelp review, there have been some really great ones in my life, and a few so-so's. Las Vegas rarely presents me a "bad" one, thankfully. (But why do I always end up reviewing those? A desire to help others?) Sometimes I take pictures, sometimes I take notes, but I never seem to make enough time to post my reviews on Yelp. (Most of the time they end up on the Facebook of my spouse.)

Shame on me. And I apologize.

Well, this time it was a very good one.

We arrived at Bund Shanghai to a HUGE room, virtually empty. There was a 10-top, complete with lazy susan, filled with folks, and a couple sitting off to the side in a booth. That was it. And all were Asians. And then there was us. The waitress handed us three menus, but one was obviously for "non-Asians", as it had very typical Chinese items, such as kung pao shrimp (and did I actually see egg foo yung?), on a small summarized quickly-put-together menu. We thought it was rather amusing. We set that menu aside immediately, noticing that it was a redundant subset of the other two menus anyway, and started on the regular menus. 

There's a section within the larger, very graphic and beautiful main menu in which the dishes are very, very expensive (hundreds of dollars, I kid not) and no English is used to describe them, but we could tell from experience they were things such as shark fin and abalone. We were there with our cheap-o Groupon coupon, so those were obviously out for us. (We've had shark fin before, a very long time ago, we didn't think it was "all that", and would never order it now, considering the damage the harvesting of fins has caused to the shark population.) Perusing, we got very excited to see the Shanghai dishes, because, idiots that we are, we never tried to seek out the various regional cuisines of China while in Los Angeles, where we lived most of our lives. So that's where we focused, when ordering.

We ordered 4 dishes all at once, a mistake we invariably make every time in restaurants such as these. I suggest you order 1 or 2 at a time, as they come almost instantly, and in our case out of sequence. (The dumplings came out second, but that was fine.)

Soup dumplings: Eight in all. I've had soup dumplings in Las Vegas once before, at China Ma Ma, and those were light. These were heavier and more earthy, so I'd have to say I liked these maybe a little more.

Shanghai Style Fried Shrimp: Simply shrimps, no shell or heads, no veges, nothing else, stirred until translucent white (not red or pink) in some sort of white sauce. Nothing much to it, I tasted no garlic or ginger, some would say "bland", but not really, as the restaurant provides a vinegar sauce for dipping, and when you do, it changes the entire flavor of the shrimps. The waitress got all excited when we ordered this specific dish, because it was "typical Shanghai", in her words. And, she said, "some people (we guessed she meant non-Asian) don't care for the vinegar". We loved it. And a very light dish, considering what came next.

Grandma's Pork in Soy Sauce: Basically chunks of pork belly with twisted "ribbons" of tofu in a very dark sauce, surrounded with steamed pieces of bok choy. Heavy duty, more a winter than summer dish, the pork was a little tough, but tasty, and the fat side on each pork piece was nice. But the tofu soaked up all of the good flavors of the sauce, and I actually quite liked those more so than the pork! Overall, a very good dish.

Eggplant with Soy Beans and Scrambled Eggs: This was a fave of the night. We were expecting "heavy", but it wasn't at all. It wasn't greasy or flabby, as some Chinese eggplant dishes can be. Quite lovely.

We were stuffed, as usual. And quite happy.

Next time we wanna try the Braised Pork Shank (it is said you need 3-4 people to order that dish, looking at it, it's pretty impressive!) and perhaps the sea cucumber (something we've eaten only twice, first time at a terrible place, but the second time a glorious black concoction, at a restaurant in Arcadia CA personally recommended for that specific dish by Jonathan Gold).

I guess I gotta host a Meetup here sometime. There's plenty of room, that's for sure.
Went here on a groupon deal. The quality of food is excellent and it is absolutely delicious! The menu is excellent. It has a picture for everything! It was especially great for us because we didn't quite know what to get and didn't have to mentally envision what our food might look like through the descriptions. Ah, the great adventures in dining! I have to say the thing I didn't quite appreciate was the service. We are not Asian, and it felt like we were being treated like the red headed step children. After we placed our orders, we got our food and that was it. We didn't even have anyone come by to refill our drinks, nor ask if we needed anything else. We had to go out of our way to wave down waiters. I hate to say this but I did notice that others that were dining...who were Asian getting lots of attention. Maybe it was just our waitress that sucked. I don't know...but it was annoying. Bad service lowers the rating of this place for me. The food as I stated earlier was great quality and very tasteful. Grandma's short ribs was sooooooooooo yummy! If I can put aside my feelings of how I was treated, I might go back. But for now, i'm not too sure.
I love the food, the ambiance and the people here but there are a few things to improve for better business. I hope the owner will see my review.
1) If your price is higher than the average chinese restaurant then you need to make it in bigger portion. I realized that they have been cutting down on the portion recently and they are not consistent every time we order.
2) If you want to be competitive, you got to offer free soup either for lunch and/or for dinner. I am not talking about egg drop or sweet and sour soup, I am talking about the authentic chinese soup and they should be different everyday like what other restaurants do.
3) We are seriously tired of the green bean dessert. It has no taste at all. Desserts are supposed to be different everyday. Please learn from other restaurants. 

Unless you welcome only people from Shanghai, you need to change the way you do business so you get more customers. If you consider yourself a premium restaurant, please act like one. Don't be stingy on the portion and little stuff like soups and desserts. Those raw foods are cheap! You need to come up with new ideas! I hope you guys can last for a long long time coz the food is pretty good and fresh to be honest. 
Good luck!
I love shanghai-nese food since I am shanghai-nese.  The staff was helpful in ordering stuff.  Food was quite good so no complaints.  I would come back when I am in town.
Firstly, the outside of this is completely invisible. It's just a seemingly random building that nobody glances at. Inside is this extremely nice restaurant. Too nice for Chinatown, I think. I was shocked. Two-story-high ceilings, everything is in perfect condition, beyond the "western" standards. I mean, you know how it usually is in most Chinatown spots - they're kept running at bare minimum cleanliness so nobody notices.

Anyway. The food. Browsing the menu, I've seldom seen so many hilarious typos and oddities. Gems include:

- Crap and pork dumplings
- A mixed pot of miscellaneous
- Abgus beed
- Fried tofu with brown sauce

Appetizing. Anyway we stuck with (over a few visits):

Shanghai style fried rice cakes: this is my newly acquired favorite. Not everyone can pull this off and I think it's due to the quality of rice cake and then the way it is cooked. Theirs is perfect. Soft rice cake that almost breaks apart with a little pressure. Flavors right, with the crunch of the cabbage and leafy greens. Loved it.

Fried taro sticks: imagine taro fries with a lot of salt and even more pepper. We didn't expect this. We expected something a little bit on the neutral/sweet side. Did not like.

Hot and sour soup: It's what you expect, with extra sourness. Nothing noteworthy. Not bad, but not memorable.

Pork dumplings: Yes. Get these. If these are any indication of the rest of their dumplings then this is my favorite dumpling spot in Vegas, easily. They were filled with delicious soup, quality ground pork, and all the flavors were just right. I loved these. I wanted more but I knew I still had to eat....

Pan fried pork buns: Yes. Yes yes yes yes. Absolutely get these. Steamed pork buns with the perfect pan frying on the bottom. I don't know how they got it so perfect but it's very crunchy on the bottom, a little crispy on the sides, and soft steamed bun goodness on top. Inside is pork with soup like the dumplings. It's amazing. Seriously.

Tofu and vegetables in a clay pot. Could a menu item be more descriptive? Only if it named suppliers. This is exactly what it sounds like, in a lightly sweet sauce. It stays hot for a long time so please don't burn yourself as many tunes as times as I did.

Eggplant with tofu. I think they cooked the eggplant just right. They left some firmness in. But the sauce was too much and could probably be cut in half. Still, I love eggplant and this was a must.

Rice cake sesame balls: These were served in a bowl with a very subtly sweet water. The water is nothing to speak of, but we suspected the balls were made in-house. The sesame paste inside was very tasty. These were really fun to eat.

Papaya... pastry?: Basically, puff pastry with papaya filling. Essentially a papaya turnover. This could not be bad, and it wasn't. It's exactly what you'd expect.

Service was timely, and prices were very reasonable for the quality we got. I loved most of what we had and I'd definitely be back. I liked another detail often overlooked - the tea pots. They had the end of the spouts curved to fit a teacup underneath, and pour perfectly almost without lifting much without any spills. I was wowed. Yes, sometimes I'm easily amused but hey, in all my years experiencing Asian cuisine, this has never happened. Oh yeah, tea was good.
The food itself is good, and if the review's just based on that, I can easily give this place a 4 or 5 stars. What makes this a 3 stars place is that the staff is NOT attentive. When we went, there were only 3 other tables besides us, and every single time when we wanted something, we had to try really hard to flag down someone. Water was never refilled, no one came to ask if the food was okay, and it was just disappointing because the place itself is gorgeous and the food is great. 

A bit more expensive than your average Chinatown Chinese restaurants, and the portion's actually really small.
For the smelling fish we ordered, I will give a none star for this dish and the owner who huddled our complain.
 If you want to try " sweet and sour fish" give a second thought , I doubt the fish is fresh as the owner said.
Came here with a few friends for dinner and we ordered a lot of food. I'm a big fan of soup dumplings, but the ones here definitely was not worth it. It was really dry and the point of the dumplings were to be filled with juice. We also ordered the sweet and spicy fish (I think that's what its called) and it was extremely fishy tasting. I'm Chinese and I eat a lot fish so I know the difference between good fish compared to bad and this was the most HORRIBLE fish we have ever tasted. We took a bite of it and almost puked our brains it. The service was decent, but the owner was very nonchalant to our complain about their fish not being fresh.
This restaurant needs a better location. Outside of the restaurant looks terrible with limited parking spaces available. You'll miss this spot if you don't pay attention. It seems more like a business office being located right next to a gas station. Inside though is entirely a different story. It has a grwat atmosphere for a chinese restaurant. Seems to be more classy than a typical chinese restaurant. Great furniture and several large TVs set around with chinese decorations. This is what a chinese restaurant should look like, which reminds me of family when I went here. This place most likely is set for large groups or family as there are many large tables. The menu comes with many pictures that go along what the dishes look like. They have some high end dishes that you can order as well. The food here is good. Though, the 'Hot and Sour Soup' did not suit my taste. I felt that this soup consists of too much black pepper or something was wrong as I did not find it to be any good. Then, the bean soup dessert at the end was not any good either. Usually at other chinese restaurants they serve it as hot, but this restaurant serves it cold which I felt it was not fresh or spectacular. Yet, it is still definitely a place worth a try, and a place I would come back to.
I'm usually not a fan of Shanghai food but the food here was delicious, starting with the juicy siu long Bao, to their shanghai style chow mein, to my favorite the slightly sweeten mini Mochi ball with
Hibiscus flower aromatic sense adding the final touch to my yummy meal.  

If you sick of eating the buffets in Vegas and looking for some lighter shanghai food, this place is highly recommended.  

The restrooms were very clean and there was excellent customer service, really good meal...
Much nicer, cleaner, and better service than I usually expect in Chinatown!

Ordered two different noodle dishes and some pork buns!

House Noodle with Pork and Scallion ($7.50). This was pretty good! Not much meat hiding in here though...but the sauce that was on the noodles was good, similar to a Hoisin.  

Shanghai Fried Thin Noodle ($9.50). The noodles come in a thick clear gravy-like sauce that makes the crunchy noodles soft on the bottom. The flavors were ok here, but I would pass on this next time.

But THIS is the reason you should come here!

Pan Fried Pork Buns ($7.50). These were DELICIOUS!!! Crispy outsides with VERY juicy insides. They come out fresh and piping hot!  And I didn't care how hot they were...I would eat them and still smile as they burned the inside of my mouth LOL.  These are the best I've had so far....Delicious!

I'll be back for more bao!  Hopefully there are other goodies hiding on the menu for next visit :)
So we went to Bund Shanghai for lunch this afternoon...... The vegetarian dumplings, crispy pork buns and xiao long bao were fairly decent, but nothing to write home about. Then our last dish comes out and that was the "Shanghai Crispy Noodles." We mix it together, get a small portion to just try it and I find a F*CKING EYELASH in my noodles!!!!!!!! We immediately stop eating, ask for the plates to be taken away and for the check.. They bring the check WITH THE NOODLES STILL ON THE CHECK!!! I ask my friend to tell them to take that off since we didn't eat it and the cashier starting acting up!!! Throwing the check to her coworker and slamming it around. She then told my friend she didn't know what was on the plate and that it wasn't "long enough" to be a hair.............. Without losing my mind, we got it taken off, paid our bill for what we did eat and got out.. DO NOT BOTHER EATING HERE!!!!! THE SERVICE HERE IS BY FAR THE MOST ABSOLUTELY FOUL/HORRID/ROTTEN SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE AND WE WILL DEFINITELY NEVER RETURN!!!!
Our hiking group goes to Chinatown for a New Year's lunch each January/February.  Today, we went to Bund Shanghai.  One of our group had been here and she liked it very much.  She arranged the lunch ahead of time.  Since she's from Taiwan, there is never a language problem when we're with her in Chinatown.

For lunch, the 10 of us shared these Shanghai style dim sum selections: soup dumplings (XLB),  crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, beef fried buns, pot stickers, spicy won ton, rice cake stir fry with pork and cabbage, Shanghai fried thin noodles, red bean pan cake, and eight treasure rice pudding.

All of us liked the food very much.  I found the XLB to be a bit bland.  My favorite was the Shanghai fried noodles.  I'd go back just for that.

Service was excellent.  Shirley spoke with the staff for the most part, but the hostess and one of the servers had great English so we'd be OK if we went without Shirley.

The restaurant is very nicely appointed.  It's not very large but can hold several large parties like ours at their large round tables.  The parking lot is very, very small!

I have to come back and try this for a regular dinner, not just dim sum, to get a better feel for the dishes.  But, this was a very good lunch!

Edit:  My photos don't do justice to most of the dishes.  I was sitting in the wrong section of the circle and those from our group started digging into the dishes before I could get a photo of the entire dish.  Plating was very nicely done!
Food: The food is surprisingly good. We ordered the shanghai dumplings, shanghai pan fried buns, salty rice clay pot, shanghai style stir fry noodle, and ja jeurng meen. Don't order the curry beef stew, it wasn't that good. This place (I'm going out on a limb here) is comparable to food from SF or LA, and may even be cheaper now. Be prepared to wait for food sometimes, especially any type of bun/pastry related food. It's hit or miss, sometimes we had to wait 30 mins for the pan fried buns, one time it was only 5-10 mins. They say they are making it "fresh".

Ambience: For a chinese restaurant, this place is nicely decorative and spacious. It has the traditional grand Chinese restaurant feel, like you could hold a banquet here. The furniture is nice and doesn't look like they got jt from a cheap furniture store. The have high ceilings so that's an added plus.

Service: They are friendly and speak English, so what's more to ask for? They also seem to be very attentive and polite, despite how understaffed it looks sometimes.

Parking: It sucks. The restaurant is in an awkward cubby hole. More parking in the back, but requires walking.

Come back: Hell yeah
My wife and I are hosting two exchange high-school students from Shanghai and they had been disappointed in not finding authentic Chinese food. I interpret that as most of what we call "Chinese" here is not only food restyled for the tastes of us gaijin (foreigners) but the typical Cantonese style food that has been the usual "Chinese" here for decades.

On a drive through Las Vegas Chinatown, one of our "adopted daughters" noticed a sign in Chinese that said, "Shanghai Restaurant" and asked if we could try it. Well, that was a good suggestion. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but the interior is quite pleasant. All the other customers were speaking Chinese, so that's a good sign. 

The staff was friendly and even gregarious, the service spot-on. When I dropped my knife on the floor, I was handed a replacement in about the time you could say "I dropped my knife."

Our students ordered Shanghai chicken, rice soup, fish soup, noodles, dim sum dumplings, shrimp, fried eggplant and I don't know what else. My wife wanted pork potstickers, I thought the sizzling beef sounded good, and for our daily vegetable we got the green beans with potato. 

OK, the potstickers were good; the beef was indeed sizzling, with onions and chunks of bell peppers - think of Chinese fajitas. Yummy! The vegetable dish was like fresh string beans with French fries in a Hoisin sauce or similar. I thought it was exceptional. In fact, the students insisted we come back for lunch the next day. 

Prices can add up if you are ordering individual dishes in the Chinese way of doing things, but they have an American-style $6,99 lunch special that is very much a bargain. This is truly delicious and authentic Shanghai-style food and I would give them six stars if I could.
A Great Surprise!
On a recent trip to LV (Feb.23) we wanted to get out of the busy tourist area and decided to visit Chinatown for lunch. Had no idea where to stop, just drove looking for the right place to pop up. We pulled over to gas up and behind the station noticed Bund Shanghai and decided to try it.
What a nice surprise. Don't let the meek outside entrance hold you back. You will say Wow when you get in and are greeted so friendly. A very nice interior, amazing menu, excellent service, very clean and the food is prepared to order fresh and hot.
We ordered the Shredded Pork and Salted Fish. Each item is served with delicious soup and steamed rice. $6.99. The fish was so good and the pork was stir fried to perfection.
Our server was so attentive and I shared with him upon the arrival of our check that I will definitely write a review. He was so gracious and kind.
next time you are in LV I suggest to get away and visit Chinatown and Bund Shanghai
Honestly don't know why I haven't review this place earlier. I'm Shanghainese!
So, in my honest, shanghainese opinion, this is the best place to get sheng jian bao in Las Vegas. Most places don't fry the bao long enough or quite right so the dough is still raw. This place fries the outside perfectly and you can see the burnt yumminess on the bottom of the bao. The top is glistening with a few sesame seeds. These baos won't explode in your face once you bite into them, but they will ooze out delicious soup. The texture and the taste of the pork is done quite well and the ratio of meat to doughy skin is good too. 

Other stuff I recommend are the shanghainese small won tons, drink chicken, lamb chops, and pork thigh.

The place is a little pricey but honestly, this place is authentic or as close to authentic as you can get to Shanghainese food in Vegas. Service was very attentive for us (maybe because we're shanghainese?) lol. Oh, and park is a hassle. Gotta get lucky with that!
I would have never discovered this little gem if I had read an article in which Soho Chef John Chien Lee mentioned them.  They're rather hidden since the building isn't directly on Spring Mountain, but on Decatur.  First off, this place is really pretty and fancy inside and the staff is friendly and on the ball, providing top notch service that you don't expect in a Chinatown establishment. 

Their XLB was pretty good, but not the best we've tried.  The best things we tried were the stir fried lamb and the rice cake with pork, absolutely delicious!  We also tried the crispy fried salt pork shank, which I wouldn't order again.  It was pretty tough and at the $20 price tag I expected much better.  

On the next visit we plan to try the braised pork shank and the lion's head meatballs that other yelpers were raving about.
Be very careful about what you order. The servers tend to offer you "alternatives" which are not fresh at all.  Very disappointing.
Came here because of the 5 stars. Disappointed for the following reasons. The food is below par for a restaurant. It is just family level cooking. But the price is restaurant level. Their soup dumplings are ok but not as good as china mama. Their crullers were very greasy and lacking in taste. The glutinous new year noodle and house style noodle were ok but again at family cooking level. Their green onion pancakes were made without repeated kneading to achieve the multilayered effect. They were baked bread with green onions in it. Their pan fried steamed buns were not steamed. Just fried baked buns with little taste. Last but not least the other reviews stating their management's mishandling of bills were sadly true. We ordered soy milk to go with the crullers but it never came after we finished ALL our foods. Told them to cancel and they repeatedly tried to make us wait for it. We declined and the bill came without the $4 charge. But when the credit card bill came, the $4 was back on it. We refused to sign for it and they gave us the correct bill. BTW the place is nicely decorated. This is not a place I'd recommend now. Hope they improve.
We went to Bund Shanghai early on a Thursday evening. There was nobody in the place and I was feeling a little skeptical about the food. We were handed menus that were like encyclopedias of Shanghai culinary arts; very expansive with photos of the dishes they offer. For appetizers, a smoked fish dish was ordered as well as Shanghai soup dumplings. The dumplings were as good as soup dumplings get. So good, we asked for another order. The entrees consisted of a Chinese broccoli that was white (looked like cauliflower), sweet and sour pork, Shanghai thick chow noodles, and spicy shredded pork and vegetables. Each dish was prepared like Chinese cuisine, not fast food style. Soooo good...even compared to the best San Francisco or New York Chinese food. The restaurant was very clean and the staff extremely helpful and friendly.
Get the pork and crab xiao lung bao! It's the best I've ever had and I will be back for this!
Seeing the reviews on Yelp it looks like a really good place to eat because of the high reviews . The items were pretty pricey and the food was ok. Was really expecting something more authentic Chinese but seems like it was watered down to make it more American. Overall the experience was good.
The most authentic shanghai food, and the best shanghai restaurant in Las Vegas and LA. I go to there every weekend, I like the roast fish and lamb there. And they have the special cheap price on lunch time.
Bund Shanghai - it was definitely decorated up to par with the Bund in Shanghai.  I was pleasantly surprised with the interior as I stepped into the restaurant.  However, I wish I can say the same about the food here.

If you are an experienced Shanghai cuisine diner, then you will understand when I say that the chefs at Bund definitely tries to authenticate their cooking.  Almost every dish we had was lacking on something - too bland, too salty, not enough salt...  

They do, however, have the crab xiao long bao, which is hard to find here in Las Vegas.  I will come back if I am craving crab xiao long bao but can't make the drive to San Gabriel, CA.  

I will probably come back if I ever need to treat non-Chinese clients to some Shanghainese cuisine, who may not know any better.   Or if I want some crab xiao long bao.  :)
Came to Bund Shanghai on Thursday for a semi-late lunch. My friend and I originally was going to try A&K but A&K told us they didn't have any xiao long bao so we decided to come to Bund Shanghai. I was in the mood for some XLB! Or pork soup dumplings. 

This was my first time at Bund Shanghai so I was pleasantly surprised that they had Chinese donut on the menu. And after having some amazing green onion pancake during my SoCal trip... I was also craving that. Then I saw soy milk! Needless to say this is what we ordered:

2 orders of XLB
1 order of Chinese donut
1 order of sweet soy milk
1 order of green onion pancake

The Chinese donut came first and I must say, it's pretty good. It was fresh when it came out but I have to also say that I've had better. But I don't see these too often in Vegas so I'll let it pass! :P But eat it when it's fresh or it'll taste really yucky with the amount of oil they used.

Sweet soy milk came out shortly after...but why is it slightly gray in color? I thought it was supposed to be white. I'm also not really used to how they served it here. Normally. I'm used to places serving you plain hot soy milk and if you want it sweet, you get to add the sugar yourself but here at Bund Shanghai, you choose either sweet or salty. They already have it prepped for you.

And then the XLB! I was excited and really wanted to try it since I've heard pretty good things about this place. However, all of the XLB were popped. What does that mean? It means none of the dumplings had soup in them. They had all leaked out. The MAIN point of why this type of dumpling is so good is because it has broth inside them. Our 2nd order of it wasn't any better. It had maybe 1-2 that wasn't popped but the rest were popped. 

Another thing about the XLBs were that... the meat was slightly sweet. That got me so confused. When I ate it, the whole thing tasted really really really weird. So when I ate the meat on its own, I find that the meat is a little sweetened. That is just odd to me. And the meat was also mushy ... T_T so so so weird.

Our green onion pancake came in last. Soooooooooooo, this doesn't look normal. The green onion pancakes I usually have are really thin but Bund Shanghai gave me green onion pancake Americano style. It was literally as thick as a pancake. I tried a bite or two, all the while muttering, "What the hell am I eating?" Needless to say, we didn't finish this dish.

Overall, really average. The service was pretty slow. On top of that, it was a huge disappointment. How do you pop ALL of my xiao long baos?!?! I'm not sure if I'll come back .. but if I do, I'm definitely trying something else maybe noodles or something.
I have just returned from Vegas and ate twice at Bund Shanghai. It was so good the first time; the second time I brought more friends to the restaurant.

As far as a Shanghai restaurant, it is very authentic, perhaps not as good as SF Bay area where there is a vast Chinese population and vast amount of Chinese restaurants, but for Vegas, wow, it's excellent! 

The best things are the dumpling dishes and year cake Shanghai style. Service is better than most of the Chinese restaurants I have been to.

For those who bitch about the service is bad, they are Leona Helmsley wannabes. For those badmouth the food, they need to get new tongues. For those who have nothing better to do than complaint, join the Real Housewives of Wanker county.
Technically... at 3 1/2 star ... based on two visits. First visit a 4-star. Most recent visit. 3-star.

My first visit was for dinner with some family. 

Golden Sesame Cake - its like a baked sesame bread, slightly sweet. It was a great pairing with the braised pork shank :D picked up the sauce well and nice to put meat in between the cake too ! 

Braised Pork Shank - large pork shank braised to a fork tenderness. A bit salty to eat alone but as i had mentioned previously, it was delicious to be eaten with either the golden sesame cake, or white rice. Comes out whole on a large plate. Great "huge" presentation. meat was super tender. great for family dinners. 

Beef Pan Fried Bun - completely different from what i expected. Thought it was going to be the same, in terms of flavor and seasoning as the pork version but the beef version, its seasoned much differently. more of a black pepper seasoning?

Then my most recent second visit for lunch, because we've heard quite a few good things about this place. There seemed to be a huge party going on in the main dining room so we were seated in the room towards the front. Slight lack of air circulation. 

Sweet Hot Soy Milk - First item to arrive. Normally a fresh soy milk is a nice white color, maybe a very slight beige. For some odd reason, this was a grey-ish color. Didn't seem like it was a bad batch. Not sure the reason for the color. I've made plenty fresh soy milk and never been that color. Didn't taste bad? It was a bit sweet, for me, but for my friend... she said it was good. 

Chinese Donut - hot, fresh out of the fryer. Crispy and light. Not the best ive had but pretty good. Lighter than the better versions ive had but pretty good. Easily the best thing of the meal.... surprisingly/unfortunately D: 

Green Onion Pancake - THIS... WAS WEIRD... why is the pancake SUPER CRISPY and FRIED?! ALL the other versions ive had, were all lightly heated and soft. This... had no soft spots... it was crispy all the way through ! ! what the heck ... yeah this was only partially eaten.. didnt even take it to go because i didn't know how to re-heat it, esp since its already so hard... it will get harder (lol...) 

Xiao Long Bao - THIS... was disappointing. We came here for lunch. There was a lunch special for it. 5.95 per order. So we had two orders. Each order has 8 dumplings. First order? ALL had a hole in it. No soup. Second order? All but 2 were popped. From the texture of the dumplings, it seemed like they were OVER-steamed to the point where they popped. The meat, lack of "bite". Too soft/mushy? The ONLY good side to this, was the waiter said our orders were come one after another. to stay hot. that was a good gesture. but thats about it for this. 

Service in the beginning was decent. Then after we had gotten our foods, the servers were no where to be found. I had to walk out to the main room to find someone to bring us our check. After that, i just gave up and took the check to the front to pay. Customer attention, not their strong suit. But apparently, not their food either. Super sad. I've heard amazing things about their XLB specifically and that was a disappointment.
Bund Shanghai is a little off the beaten path. From the outside, the facade doesn't look like it would be anything good, but once you walk into the oversized glass entrance,  (is it a hint for other customers?) The place has a nice ambience. I don't understand the Chinese music that's playing in the background, but it appease and adds to the ambience they are going for. 

The service is great, very attentive without being too suffocating.

The food, it's great. I've only have soup dumplings over at China Mama, and I have to say, the soup dumplings here and Bund Shanghai is better. Better tasting soup, filled with a little bit more meat...and the wrap does not break easily when you pick it up, but it does when you need it to let off the steam.

Also ordered the beef noodle soup long with the soup dumplings,  the beef is so tender that it just melted as soon as it touched my tongue. The soup base itself is great. Not too strong,  but strong enough to go perfectly with the noodles. 

Only downside was the drinks....wasn't enough. I love Thai tea and I know already that they don't do refills. What sucks is the glass container they put the Thai tea in is a little small. Thing is, I always ask if they would do refills....and one restaurant here in vegas does do refills on Thai tea.

Over all, I would recommend Bund Shanghai to friends and family.
Nice service. Got tofu. It was okay. The dumplings were good. Service was okay. 

The waiters thought I was Chinese. That just crosses the line.

Kidding. I'd go back at another's request but not on my own.
Awesome soup dumplings and a wonderful place for Shanghai. Every time I visit I come here to eat and the owners recognizes me. The service is also good! If one of the workers don't understand me they quickly let the other waiter know I need something. 

Their crab soup dumplings are my favorite :)
1900 Asian Cuisine is the newest Chinese restaurant to open up at the former Kung Fu Chef site, offering traditional Chinese breakfast, "dim sum" and Szechuan, Shanghainese, and Taiwanese cuisine.  It is in the same plaza as Bazic, Old SF Market, and Shuseki.  They have only been opened since Tuesday (June 4, 2013), so spanking new they still don't have traditional menus printed up yet (currently utilizing single sided print outs stapled together).  But the staff all sport matching black or white shirts with the restaurant name printed on it.

At the time I dropped by at around 8:30pm on a Sunday, the restaurant was still not too busy.  After reviewing the menu, asked for recommendations and finally decided on Cumin Lamb, I kept myself busy with a game on my phone, while doing some eavesdropping.  Plus the insightful observation (duplicate check printout) that I made and verbal confirmation from the waitress, I learned that this new business is actually another restaurant venture by the owner of Three Village Restaurant, which has their original location just one floor up.  They also hired a chef direct from China, so they could offer up quality authentic Chinese food.

The food came out fairly quickly and it looked good.  Tasted great too. The only less than position impression was the haphazard way the steamed rice was served in a small bowl with rice all over the upper edges of the small bowl (they charge $0.50 for each bowl of rice).  I guess they just don't want to potentially waste rice on someone that only ordered one entree.

Of course one entree was not enough, and I ended up getting their Walnut Shrimp.  The portions is good, the shrimp was deep fried in a not too thick batter, just long enough that it was cooked without turning the crustacean into a rubbery exercise equipment for your jaw.

Overall the dinner menu is decent, but compared to what they offered during lunch (up to 5pm) it looks plain.  The patrons at nearby tables that arrived after me all asked about dim sum items, but all were told it was not available during dinner.  That's too bad, I would have ordered way more items if the kitchen could accommodate such request.  I hope they will take a cue from customers and at least offer some of dim sum items during dinner.

For breakfast (7-11am) they offer a small selection of traditional Chinese breakfast items (porridge, soy milk, etc.).  If I stay out really late or feeling extra motivated in the morning, I might check that out.

During their grand opening phase, they offer 15% discount to customers with local ID (or if you just look loco).  So if you are unsure, check them out with this little monetary carrot stick.

If you are not sure of what to get, then order their Cumin Lamb!

Taste:  3.5/5  Only tried a few dinner items thus far, some are really good some just OK.  I think the gems will be from the lunch menu.

Price/Value: 3.5/5  Not going to find cheap food at low low prices here. You pay for quality here.

Service:  3.5/5  Needs improvement in some areas, but they were nice and professional.

They are open late!!!  Mon-Thurs 2:30am  and Fri-Sat 3:30am 

3.5 stars

* Men's room could be cleaned up better, the trash was on the floor.

** This will be a good site for UYEs, so we can have a larger group to try out more of their menu in one go.

*** Does not accept American Express, Iraqi Dinars, but may consider renminbi (RMB).
1900 Asian Cuisine may also be referred to as "The Restaurant Formerly Known As Three Village".  They're located downstairs directly below the former.  The new location is a bit nicer with deep red/black colors and booths along the side.  I asked to sit in the booth, but I was declined despite the fact that we were 1 of 2 parties in the restaurant.  If you were familiar with 3V, you'll recognize some of the wait staff as you enter.  Right now they're offering a 15% locals discount, so if you're new make sure to ask.  If they remember you they'll go ahead and automatically apply the discount.  

They hired a new chef, and maybe I'm crazy but the XLB don't taste quite as good as they used to.  3V used to pump out crave worthy morsels of juicy pork, but the XLB I tasted yesterday was nothing to get all hot and bothered about.  Their hours are extended from 7am - 2:30am, and 3:30 am on Fri/Sat.   They now have a separate dinner menu that starts at 5pm, which means many items are no longer offered in the evening.
Although my rating might not be glowing, I do plan to come back in a few months...potential is there. 

We wanted dim sum and sadly we were misinformed. It said dim sum in yelp and it said dim sum on the door. It was too early for our usual places so we decided to give this place a try.  We walked in and the place was empty, there weren't any other patrons (not a big deal), but there were also no carts, no sweet ladies pushing anything....there was no dim sum. I figured- this place was new and maybe they were holding off on the carts and just cooking it all made-to-order.

The Good : I liked the shrimp shumai. They looked like roses and tasted pretty good. My husband liked their fried bread. He said if he had some honey it would have been perfect. Also, they have a 15% discount for their introductory period.
Ok, that's it for the good.

The Not-So-Good : The service was just okay and the some of the food took a little too long to come out (we were the only people there).
The ham and egg pancake was just an odd mix of flavors. The pork dumplings and the shrimp dumplings were extremely watery... and just oily for some reason. I couldn't eat mine and there were 9 per order (again... why call this dim sum?!). They didn't have our usual dim sum favorites (steam pork buns, hai gow, etc) and the prices were not dim sum-y. SO obviously what I am trying to say here is --- this is not dim sum. A couple actually sat in, looked at the menu and left.... which we should have done considering our craving.

It might take some convincing but I think we will wait a few months for some of the kinks to work themselves out and revisit.
A couple of friends and I came in a few weeks ago and we were generally happy with our meal. So much so, we came back the next day with a larger group. I cannot say that I know much about traditional anything. Being raised Chinese/Vietnamese had me thoroughly confused on why my mom and dad's cooking is so different than any restaurants we ate at. To this day, I am unsure of what is authentic and what isn't. I cannot vouch for 1900, but I can definitely say that it is some good food.

The first night we came; we ordered the pork belly with preserved vegetables, spicy eggplant, garlic wings, a whole steamed fish, and the house special noodles. The pork and wings were so good that we ordered it again the next day. The eggplant was my favorite dish and I could have polished that off on my own, would have ordered it again, but we were instructed to order the other eggplant dish. The fish was good, too. To my dismay, we ordered the noodles again the next day as well. I just didn't touch them. They were bland and could have used more vegetables.

In the end, we all left stuffed and it was dirt cheap. I hope they last longer than the previous tenants.
Stop #1 of our Chinatown Crawl.....

We stopped in for a late night bite and decided to check it out. we were a pretty big party, and there was barely anyone inside. It was pretty weak on their part that they didn't allow us to put tables together. It was either "that table" or "that booth in the corner"...sad, but whatevs....

The menu looked like someone's typewritten homework that was kinda crumpled up, and there were tons of items to choose from with no pictures, but I'm no expert on Szechuan/Shanghainese/Taiwanese Cuisine, Otherwise I'd have to order items and use the force like Luke Skywalker which would have ended up in a complete disaster and thank goodness we were fortunate to dine with Tony T, Christina W. and Team Snow Shavery to help us navigate our choices. WHEW!

From what I remember, all the food we had was good. We had the stir fried House Special Noodles, Pork Belly with Preserved Vegetables, Stir Fried Eggplant, Garlic Chicken Wings, Cucumber Salad, and Batter Fried Fish. Standouts for me were the wings and Eggplant. Overall, a great first visit, and looking forward to trying other stuff...ALOHA!!!
I've never been a fan of Chinese/Shanghai/Taiwanese food until I started eating at Three Village. Unfortunately, the restaurant most famous for their soup dumplings has relocated downstairs into a larger area inside the same plaza. Now called 1900 Asian Cuisine, the owner (Jimmy) still run things while maintaining most of the same beloved items on the menu.

The hours of operations has extended. Starting dim sum from 7am to 5pm with the dinner menu following afterward, the menu is pretty extensive offering a wide array of different dishes to best satisfy your Chinese cravings. I've gone to Three Village a handful of times before visiting this new place and have enjoyed EVERYTHING that was set on my table. Having my boyfriend become really good friends with the owner after becoming regulars of the place, Jimmy was kind enough to offer his recommendations during every visit.

To be honest, I only glimpse through the entire menu once before realizing that I should just go with whatever Jimmy recommends. And what he recommends, we always end up ordering with no feelings of regret, EVER. Yeah, the menu is a bit boring since it's just typed in Times New Roman onto standard white pieces of papers stapled together but whatever. The food absolutely makes up for the "visually unappealing" look of the menu.

I'm ashamed to not know the official names of the dishes that always brings us back. But honestly, order something you intentionally went in to order. I'm 100% sure your cravings will be fulfilled if you let Jimmy know exactly what you want. Don't bother with the waitresses. If you ask them if the owner is able to come around to recommend some dishes based on what you're craving for, most likely he'll be able to accommodate you right on the money.

Yes, this restaurant is a working process but like all new restaurants, it's the trial and error period. Give this place a chance, or time, to gradually grow into something I know will be a success. Things can only look better for this place and I'm sure it'll do great, with my review or not.
Me n my friend wanted to go to 3 villages. Then found out they relocated downstairs . Now its named 1900 asian cuisine, i wonder what 1900 means....The food is good but they don't have my favor steam buns!! 3 villages Menu and food still a little better , even they have the same chef!!!
Another mediocre one.

Walked in here on a NOT busy Friday morning, expecting Dim Sum. Took us 15 minutes to get seated and they just totally ignored us when we first walked in. I already knew, downhill from here.

We sat down, and they give us paper menus... Wtffff????! Paper menus?! ONLY DIM SUM good there is Xiao Long Bao.

We ordered noodles and two Xiao long bao. The noodles were delicious, and Xiao long bao... Oh dear lorrddddd juice heaven. But the food took way too long. Only two guys were working, I understand but they could have handled things more professionally. 

Maybe in time this place will get better. Service horrible, food is good.
I've only been here once for breakfast, and I have to say I'm a fan!
I'm a big fan of Chinese breakfast.  After visiting Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli 
 a few times, I was about to give up on the idea of good Chinese breakfast in Vegas.  Thanks to 1900 Asian Cuisine's extensive breakfast menu, I've found my new favorites.  The food was tasty but still couldn't compare to the stuff in LA.  Overall I'm just happy to see the new progress on Vegas Chinese Breakfast!

Beef Roll--Good stuff!!!  It's probably the best I've had in Vegas.  The wrap really stood out with the perfect amount of crisp.

Wonton Soup--Very good wontons with quality meat, however, the broth is somewhat blend and definitely needs some work.

Chinese Donut--large size just like every other restaurant.  It's a little too doughy.  I'd like it to be crispier.

Juicy Pork Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)--Hands down the best I've had in Vegas.
Since starting my health food craze on the weekdays....I find great joy in fatty, greasy food on the weekends.  This place has the same delicious shanghai style fried noodles and beef wrap as the former Three Village.  The beef wrap is still my favorite in the city with a nice crispy exterior.  We also ordered the pepper beef on a sizzling plate....salty, sweet, peppery...the perfect myriad of flavors.  While non-Asians may not understand...I like my beef silky smooth and tender when it comes to Chinese beef dishes and the beef here almost melts in your mouth from the tenderness.  Some of the problems people previously mentioned have been changed...there is now a laminated, picture menu for those not versed in broken English descriptions of dishes. While the paper copy still exists, at least they give you one nice menu and one ghetto one.  Please note prices are lower on the ghetto menu....not sure if they are trying to re-price their menu items, but we did indeed receive the lower prices ($1-2 lower for some dishes).  Pretty cheap eat now that they've dropped their prices to match the portion size.  One negative is the dishes are too oily even for my liking.  Nice modern interior with some booth seating for larger parties, but they did offer us a booth even though we were just a table for two.  This restaurant will definitely be on my rotation of frequent eats.
I had seen this place while driving by and finally, on a whim, decided to stop in for lunch and give the food a taste. I ordered a little bit of everything. The pork belly with preserved vegetables, pot stickers, juicy pork dumplings, garlic chicken, cold duck, beef roll, garlic spinach, shanghai rice cake, and beef noodle soup. EVERYTHING tasted fantastic and was very reminiscent of the food I got back home in good ol' Arcadia/Alhambra/Temple City/Monterey Park area. The service was a little bit slow, but the staff was very friendly and apologetic about it. They gave me 15% because it was during their grand opening period. I have heard good things about their breakfast and plan to go back soon.
My new favorite Asian restaurant (next to Shaanxi)!

Delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices make this a go-to place. In fact I can't want to go back.

The pork dumplings were spectacular; the beef roll was as good as China Mama; even something as basic as fried noodles seemed better than the usual. 
And then there's the walnut shrimp....man, I'm craving that dish as I write this. Go there now and order it...I mean right now...don't waste a minute...whatever you're doing at the moment isn't as important as eating this dish, believe me! 

(Note: I was there with a fellow wine-collector, and the restaurant was fine with us opening our two bottles of wine to accompany the great food...and that's one more reason to keep going back. I love wine-friendly establishments!)
The hours posted on yelp are wrong. They open at 9 a.m., and closes at 1 a.m for weekdays and 2 a.m for weekends.


Otherwise, the most authentic shanghainese dim sum in the valley
I seem to associate the word 1900 with grandeur and epicness (it is in the urban dictionary), but maybe I just set myself up with high expectations.  Although the food is good, we would probably keep shopping for other Chinese spots.  The place is a little edgy with its high black ceilings and pinks walls, but the service is warm and inviting.  They have fresh fruit juices, which I love, and the tables and booths have wide spaces between them.  No crowding in this joint.

Hubby controlled the menu selection and (quite unfortunately) we ended up with all pork dishes.  It was my first time to try Xiao Long Bao.  The broth inside the dumplings was quite tasty but I didn't care for the filling much.  The Braised Pork Belly was good, but I felt the vegetables underneath were leftover scraps, hehe.  It would've been nice to have some texture or flavor to contrast the fatty richness of the soy pork belly.  And finally we had the Garlic Spare Ribs.  We felt they lacked garlic and spices but the upside is that there was definitely a lot more meat than flour on those bones.  I kinda missed having a little crunch though.   

We were the only non-Chinese peeps that night, I always take that as a good sign.  When I went on a tour in China, I noticed the cuisine up north was more subdued in flavor and spices.  This cuisine would definitely fall in that category - perfect for people new to Chinese food or allergic to salt.  I'd be more of a Southern gal (in China).  More soy and pepper please.
Bought a Groupon today, which seemed like I would come in handy when our show on the strip ended at 11:30. 2 apps, 2 soups, 2 entrees, 2 fried rice and 2 dessert for $25?? Yesssss!!! Actually, notsomuch. 

Apparently the "Groupon menu isn't ready yet".... So instead, she pulled up their Facebook page on her phone and had us order from that special menu instead. Um. Hi. Quick tip- if you put out coupons on special menus, you might want to a) actually have those menus and b) acknowledge somewhere on the offer that you're ordering from a special menu. 

The selections for the menu sucked. 1st course was this weird shredded potato thing... Best described as raw but slightly warm hash browns mixed with Thai red chili sauce. Bizarre. Then, while we're eating that, she brings out our soup. I forget what they call it but it was basically bland egg flower, apparently with some affiliation with beef. 

After a few bites of my soup, she brings out my black pepper chicken (meh). No rice. 10 minutes later she brings out my partner's pineapple chicken (meh) AND her rice. Waited another 10 minutes for mine. When I got it, it was greasy, mushy and bland. We asked for to go boxes before we even had desert. 

Our one option for dessert was "green tea mochi". I love mochi, but the gf isn't a fan. She doesn't mind taking off the outside and eating the middle though. Except these were not so good. They were small (the size of a quarter machine gumball) and filled with red bean. The filling was more like whipped cream and ricotta than ice cream or sherbet and, of course, had whole red beans. 

TL;DR: Boring, bland, awkward and SO not worth the $25 Groupon.  We're gonna keep looking for a decent Chinese place.
The food was just ok, but the service was really friendly and attentive, which almost made me bump them up to four stars, almost. 

I arrived with Groupon in hand they gave us a small menu instead of the main menu that we were to order from. We started with the Xiao Long Bao. They weren't the best I've ever had, but I had been craving them and was happy to have another place in town that offers them. We also tried some hot & sour soup and strawberry juice to start. Both were refreshing. For our entrees, we ordered the sautéed black pepper eggplant, honey walnut shrimp and pineapple chicken. I didn't like the pineapple chicken in the least, but my mom enjoyed it. The shrimp was just ok as well. Too mayonnaisey for my taste. The eggplant was ok as well. Sizzling and smelled great. I would probably order a protein next time instead, but it had a nice flavor. The mixed seafood noodles we got were just ok as well. The flavor was ok, but the noodle texture were a little off. They were all stuck together and a little overcooked. 

Overall, the food was pretty solid and I enjoyed some dishes more than others. I'm open to trying this place again and I see potential since they have a very extensive menu. For now, I'll leave it at three stars.
I got sick eating here, but this may have been an outlier visit and this restaurant is so unlike other dim sum restaurants (no wait, clean, good service), that I may consider coming again. 
_____________________
Food Quality: 4
I've been here once. We had the xiao long bao, the green onion pancake, wontons in some hot oil (can't remember what it was specifically), and some red bean cakes. They were all pretty good. The green onion pancake stood out as being the best I'd had. We paid $23 for all four items, which is about what I'd expect for a nice restaurant.
+1 good food. 
What I'd get here: the green onion pancake, and the xiao long bao.
_____________________
Service Quality: 6
The service was attentive, friendly, and fast. They staggered our meal (I believe intentionality) so it came off as a four-course meal. When we finished with one dish the next was immediately on the table. This restaurant is completely unlike any other dim sum place I know of in San Diego or Los Angeles. When describing those other places, it usually goes: "their X is so great that it makes me over look Y", where Y is something like "their 2 hour wait," or, "they're assholes." This is genuinely a nice restaurant to dine in. We walked right in on a Saturday at 1PM and there was no wait for a table.
+1 friendly. +1 attentive. +1 food was delivered promptly.
Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: roughly 10 minutes.
_____________________
Ambiance and Location: 3
This restaurant is located that very cliche blue roofed strip mall on Spring Mountain, which is in general uninviting. However, the interior is completely the opposite. It's nice and decorated like a contemporary Asian joint. 
+0 inside point gain negated by bad location.
It would be a good idea to take a _____ here: a date that liked dim sum.
_____________________
Cleanliness: 1
The restroom was clean, and the tables were clean. From my rant earlier about the service quality of my favorite dim sum restaurants, I normally have to make concessions about the cleanliness of the restaurant I'm in. It appears clean. However, my girlfriend and I got sick immediately after eating here. After doing some research on the official Southern Nevada Health District web site, this restaurant had been closed briefly last month (8/27/13) for health code violations. Despite this, I might try eating here again (based on the comments earlier in the review).
-2 got sick.
Worst health code rating: was closed down on 8/27/13.

Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(3.5) = 3
Beautiful decoration, and I loved the food. 10/10 will recommend!
This place really took me by surprise.  I wasn't sure what to expect as they had quite an array of Chinese dishes but when I found out the owner is Taiwanese, I decided to stick with the Taiwanese offering.

The FIVE STAR rating is for their Xiao Long Bao alone...the best in Las Vegas, or should I say, the only good Xiao Long Bao is Las Vegas.  I know, I know, Xiao Long Bao is NOT Taiwanese but rather Shanghainese, but the Taiwanese have really done a good job with these thanks to Din Tai Fung, a famous Xiao Long Bao restaurant out of Taiwan.  All the other restaurants save for one seem to buy their soup dumpling from the frozen section of the Asian supermarkets.  But here at 1900, you can tell they specialize in these little dumplings of soupy deliciousness.  Compared to the only other place I believe hand make these, the dumplings are very juicy and packed full of flavor.  I didn't even have to drown these with the ginger vinegar to get some taste out of them.

We also ordered the green onion pancake rolled with beef and the soup buns.  The first was pan fried just right, not burnt but just crispy enough to be crunchy on the outside yet bready, and most importantly, was not oily.  The soup bun was also nice and juicy as opposed to those who advertise it as soup buns and then disappoint you with hardly any soup at all.  In fact, on the second bun I ate, the juice squirted out much to the chagrin of my three eating companions.  Suffice it to say, they weren't too happy but we all had a good laugh when no real damage was done.

To fill up, we ordered the beef soup noodles and that was satisfying and did its job of filling us up.  The noodles were particularly well cooked, slippery yet firm enough without feeling like you're eating spaghetti al dente.

Overall a very pleasant dinner and I'm already planning on bringing my mom and family this coming weekend just to eat the Xiao Long Baos.  Maybe I'll venture to try the pork belly with preserved vegetables and the ham hock.

Can't wait...
I had take out quite a few times, but usually just small stuff. Very good food, regardless, but *nothing* like tonight! I dined in and tried a bunch of recommended dishes! The dim sum was the best part! The Xiao Long Bao was out of this world!

Everything is made so fresh and so perfect! I enjoyed every bit of it!
Food is good, should try their Lamb Hot Pot. However, their service is very very very slow, and foods are served in the wrong orders (entree before app) on several occasions. The table next to ours ordered after us, but got all food, we haven't gotten our app. Sitting in the restaurant, waiting still ......,,,,,, I'm giving it a 4 bc their food is good. You're welcome.
I would try every single thing on their menu! Food made me feel like I was in Asia (for example the steamed fish, so juicy and rich) and the waiters were just some really cool nice young guys who showed they really cared (for example while it was pretty busy they still let me sit at the huge table I wanted to sit at and were always watching for when my tea went low). I heard of this place because my mom was so shocked and feel in love with this place when she saw they made the extremely hard to find, in the U.S., dessert dish 酒釀湯圓! (It is so fresh that you have to eat it within the hour of having it made.)
Not loving this place, but the food was ok. I saw the value with the Groupon we had, but I don't think I'd return without a coupon or something to save us money on a return visit.
I usually never ever write reviews, but I had to share my horrible experience. 

To start, the service was horrible. There was only one girl servicing 20+ people during dinner hours. I got there with 3 people and seated myself. I sat at the table 10 mins. The table did not have any silverware and I had to go grab it myself. When she came over, we asked if she was by herself and she said yea. 

For dinner, I ordered the black pepper beef, black pepper egg plant, and the dumplings. 
The dumplings was pretty good. I give it a 4/5. The egg plant was very oily. Not bad taste wise, but it was very oily. I give it a 2/5. Lastly, the beef was HORRIBLE. When I bit into the beef, the texture was something I've never experienced before. I don't even know how explain it because it was so weird. There was so much fat on the beef as well. Oh yah, when we asked for rice, they said they charged for rice by the bowl. I was shocked. You call yourself a Chinese restaurant and charge for rice? Speechless. 

Lastly, once the food was brought out, we never saw our waitress again. I had to get the soy sauce, chili, and vinegar from the table that had just finished dining. I also never got my water and hot tea refill. At this point I know that we will never get the bill so  we had to go to up to the cash register to get our own bill. Just an overall miserable experience from the service to the food. I don't know how long this place will last.
We been there 2 time the food, the first time we had is ok. Except they put out our small steam bun to the table was cool and hard. The second time. We find out the place is not worth to try out for dinner.  We had the braised Tofu, it was the worse thing I ever had. The tofu is deep fire egg cube. The deep fire Tofu skin (which is deep fire egg cube) is very hard nothing taste like Tofu at all. We told to the waiter and request to cancel it and may be change for something else since we had the first bite. She went talk to her boss. She come back to told us the Tofu is their home-made Tofu. They make it by egg and soy milk. The boss won't cancel our order. I meant it was not our fault to cook the food hard to eat it. 

I am warming you guys don't try this restaurant out for your life.
Funky loft style decor and large space welcomed us into the restaurant, but there are some serious pink walls.  We purchased the groupon ($25 for multicourse meal for 2) and were shown a menu to choose from plus we could pick desserts and appetizers from some of the main menu.  However, the restaurant was out of many items, some of which I would have liked to try.  We started with a pot of jasmine tea and navigated the extensive groupon menu to order a feast.  The servers were very nice throughout but service was slow considering a slow Saturday night crowd (it was relatively early too).

We started off with the cucumber and enoki salad and Eric R. got his xiao long bao that he seemed to enjoy a lot.  The salad was much more flavorful than I expected.  Next, the beef with broccoli (Eric's entree choice) came out -the beef quality was fine despite some reviews, and it tasted good.  The broccoli was steamed and circled the beef, so there was no sauce on it and it was not as hot - this did not bother me but Eric wished the broccoli was as hot as the beef.  My dish was the house made tofu with mixed mushrooms.  The server explained the tofu is made with soymilk and egg - it had a very nice airy texture and was served on top of a variety of mushrooms in a tasty sauce (mushrooms included black and trumpet).  Our soups came next and they were enough for like 3 small bowls!  I had hot and sour soup which was labeled seafood but there was none it; nevertheless I did not need seafood in it.  It was tasty but maybe could have used more vinegar.  Eric R. got the "Western Beef Lake Soup" which ended up being like egg drop with beef and tofu, and he liked it a lot - he saved some to take home too.

Next we got a our choice between cold noodle and seafood fried rice.  If anyone knows Eric, he hates cold noodles and doesn't get it (but I do, don't worry!) so we got the seafood fried rice.  It had shrimp and scallops in it and was very tasty.  We took most of that to go since it came out towards the end of the meal.  For dessert we got 2 orders of red bean xiao long bao to go because we were too full to eat them and I was too full to even go to Snowflake Shavery across the street!  The meal was covered by the groupon including the tea so we just left our tip and took our 5 to go containers with us!

We have been enjoying the leftovers as they are tasty.  I would probably return to try items on the regular menu, but I hope they are available when we go!
The Skinny: come for lunch - solid xiao long bao and green onion pancake but skip dinner as the dinner entrees pale in comparison(3) service is dependent on how many tables require service - more than 3, the lone server is really overwhelmed (2) price a bit pricey for what it is but the lunch offerings are better than the dinner. (3)

Okay - so we were lured in with the promise of xiao long bao and green onion pancakes so we came in for lunch. 

We ordered the beef noodle soup, the xiao long bao, the enoki cucumber salad, the green onion pancake and a clay oven red bean cake.

Of note is the xiao long bao. Although the xiao long bao is certainly juicy and the skin is adequately thin, there isn't quite enough pork filling. As well,  the filling itself is slightly under seasoned. Overall, not the best XLB I have ever had but it might be one of the better renditions in the city.

The green onion pancake was okay - not quite flaky enough and slightly on the heavier side but crisp. The enoki/cucumber salad was also fair - perhaps a bit too sweet however it did cut through the heaviness of the other two dishes.

Red bean cake had a light flaky pastry very similar to wife cake or sweetheart cakes. I enjoyed it although it would have nicer with a bit more red bean filling and hint more sweetness.

The biggest disappointment during lunch was the beef noodle soup. I found the soup to be too bland, lacking the beef flavor and preserved vegetables. It was rather skimpy on the beef as well. The noodles themselves were alright but nothing special. 

Curious, we ventured to try their dinner menu as many items are missing at lunch. We ordered the braised tofu clay pot with mixed mushrooms, the black bean eggplant, the braised pork Belly with preserved vegetables. 

The best offering was the braised tofu.  Word to the wise - - the tofu used is egg tofu which has a different flavor.  The actual dish was okay nothing special but at least it was appropriately seasoned. 

The eggplant was really disappointing. The eggplant was heavily battered and sauteed in a black bean sauce served over a hot iron skillet. The batter became rapidly soggy in the sauce, rendering an unpleasant experience.

Braised pork belly wasn't what it was expecting. It was covered with a heavy, goopy chilli? paste of which I wasn't really fond of. The texture of the pork belly was rough - not the typical melt in your mouth experience expected with a dish like this.

We waited a significant time between the pork belly and the dessert,. We ordered a red bean, mini rice ball filled with sesame dessert and it took at least 20 minutes before we got our dessert.At that time, at least 5 more tables showed up and our one waitress was definitely overwhelmed by the number of customers.

The red bean dessert was not what I expected. There was very little red bean in the there. It was mostly slightly floral/melon-ish flavoured soup with mini rice ball filled with sesame paste. It was okay but nothing that I would order again.

Overall, 1900 Asian cuisine is okay in my book. Go for the xiao long bao - everything else is ranges from okay to not so good. I really don't feel a compelling reason to return. 3-starred review.
What is 1900 doing? I've been here twice and both times have had me on highs and lows.

The absolute worst part of this place, to take away any surprises, is their service. I mean the person who comes to your table once every full moon. I know, I know, it's Chinatown. But still, this is especially bad. Only one person speaks English there, which really doesn't help.

Ok, I got the worst out of the way. Now, the best part of 1900: the prices for the food you get. The food is really not bad at all. Although highly inconsistent in quality and flavor. Both times I've had xiao long bao and a tofu and mushrooms dish. Both times they have been different. the XLB the first time was more flavorful and had a super thick dough. The second time, thin and no flavor at all. The tofu was braised and plentiful the first time, but fried and not so delicious the second time. What gives?

I do recommend their tofu and vegetable dishes, their fried pork buns, and (hard to mess this up) onion pancakes. It's all pretty fool-proof stuff.

After you get done sampling everything, your check will be much smaller than you anticipated. Not only that, you won't have to tip because you had no service. Super savings! Another benefit: they are open very late, so if you can't find a place open at 1am... here is your answer.
As a foodie who has been to numerous different restaurants all over Vegas, I must say that I have never experience a more horrible experience dining at a restaurant than 1900. This restaurant has the worst service ever! We went there on a slow Tuesday night. We ordered 5 different plates and with each plate coming out 15 minutes apart from each other to our table. The waitress never once even refilled our water as we had to go up to the counter to ask them to fill it up twice. When it was time to pay, we asked our server for the check and she never returned. Finally fed up with the service, I took it upon myself to pay at the counter where the lady at the counter just totally ignored me and made me wait while she talked to a co worker.

If 1900 could fix their service, this would be a great restaurant because the food was actually pretty good. You just simply cannot run a restaurant and just have good food and not care about your customers one bit.
AWFUL, and we didn't even stay to eat.. Had a Groupon,walked in no one greeted us or came by to seat us. I walked to the back and asked "Do I set myself" she said ya just sit. Most tables were dirty so we picked one that looked clean. After we sat down we asked the waitress if she could clean the table as it was all sticky,She apologized and said they were busy. NOTE there were three other tables sat at that time. I told the waitress we had a Groupon ,she said" We don't take those anymore" I asked her why not she said let me check. A different person came over to us and said ya Ill take it but you cant order from that menu, She took away the menus we were looking at and replaced them with one much smaller. The menu we were suppose to order from had two choices for appetizers and two choices for soups. Very limited. A few minutes later the waitress came back with the larger menu opened to the app page and said you can order any of these( there were seven options) she then proceeded to say except this this this and this. Out of the seven apps we could order, three were available. There was not a beef or chicken option in the bunch. She then told us that one of us could order the shrimp fried rice. I pointed out that the Groupon said we could both order it,she said no.After looking at my companion we made the decision not to stay. No one was friendly and no one cared if we stayed or left.. With about  90 Asian restaurants in a half mile area I'm pretty sure we could find another place to eat that would appreciate our money.
Formerly known as 3 Villages, this is where you can get Xiao Long Bao, other various Chinese Breakfast items, and a much more extended dinner menu.

Warning for those looking for good service, you will likely be waiting.  You will have to flag down the one waitress for water, tea, rice, etc.  We've gotten so use to it that it's now become amusing and it's easy to forgive the cute little waitress girl.

The best item i've recently discovered is their Lamb Hot Pot - it s about 10-11 dollars and is the best hot pot i've had in town.   Yes it is much better than Booming Mini.  The lamb hot pot is served with enoki mushrooms, tofu, and lots of chinese peppers.  It's got the perfect amount of heat - I recommend to get a little rice on the side to slurp up every drop of soup.  It is that good.  

we've also ordered a steamed seabass which was less than 20 bucks - easily the best value for steamed fish i ve had on spring mtn.

Despite slow service, 1900 delivers.  The last few times we ve visited we were one of a few tables present so i hope 1900 stays around. Take my advice and get the lamb hotpot!
First off, I would've gave this place 4 stars because the food was fantastic. 
Sadly, the service was not!

We sat ourselves and had to wave the waitress down for some waters. 
Also waited 15 mins for our bill & she took so long to even pick up the bill that I, finally just walked up to cashier to pay. 
I get that she's alone and it just opened but c'mon management...


Immediately ordered the soup dumplings (unsure of the Chinese name) because this is the only place my friends know of that has this. Got the steamed and pan fried ones.

When we got the steamed ones, I had to ask my friends how to even eat it if there's hot soup in the dumplings. 
They said to eat/bite the top of the dumplings, let it steam out, and add the sauce. 
That itself was really fun for me. I mean, who doesn't like playing with their food =)

The soup in the dumplings were delicious and savory. Tasted amazing with the dough! Pan fried/seared dumplings were my favorite of the two.

Also, ordered the onion pancake, I believe...I think that was the name.....?
And THAT was sooooooo YUM. Crunchy and tasty, like sour cream and onion chips...if I had to compare it to something....

After this experience and bad service, we'd love to try more soup dumplings so, we yelped it... Found a couple places thru Yelp! 
Otherwise, this place is our last resort because of the lacking service!
There are only a couple of places in Vegas you can get Xiao Long Bao this is one of them. I come strictly for the XLB. The other food is decent. Have had the fried rice, fried noodles, shrimp dishes and lamb. The lamb was terrific but the fried rice and fried noodles are too greasy and not as flavorful. The prices are decent. Like other reviews this place could easily get 4 stars but the service is horrible and its consistently horrible. Have been here a handful of times and its typically only 1 waitress and it doesn't matter if there are 1 or 5 tables full the wait staff is non engaged and often missing in action. You consistently have to flag down staff for water or tea refills and to even get your check. My recommendations to prep yourself for poor service.
I always say when it comes to Asian restaurants especially Chinese and Taiwanese - the crappier the service, the better the food. Tony T's ROTD reminded me to take this off my bookmarked places.

Xiao Long Bao:
You get 9 baos for $7. I can't help but compare XLB I've had in Shanghai and Taipei to everyone else's version. I'm very happy to say that I've found my XLB spot here in Vegas! The bao had the perfect thickness, the soup inside was hot and delicious. Glowing and glistening 5/5

Fried Tofu with Mixed Mushrooms:
Even though the tofu pieces were fried, they were soft. The mushrooms were tasty but they slide off your chopsticks. The brown sauce was good. 4/5

Beef Noodle Soup:
Our server warned me this was spicy. I appreciate it when they do that but I had a cold anyway so, bring on the heat! I could taste cumin. My nose started running - I'm not sure if it was from the spiciness or my cold...or both. The beef chunks were fatty so I had to eat around it since I'm not a fan of animal fat. I had 2 pieces of bok choy and tender noodles in my bowl. 3.5/5

Pork Loin in Red Garlic Sauce:
I didn't even know we ordered this. Shredded pork with red bell pepper strips. This reminded me of a thick and meatier version of Hot & Sour soup. 3.5/5

Steamed Shrimps in House Garlic Sauce:
Head on, butterflied but not all shrimps got de-veined. But the sauce was fantastic! Nice and garlicky. One of the better ways I've had shrimp. 4.5/5

They have street food you'll find in China like frog legs, chicken organ meat on a stick, etc.There were items we wanted to try but they no longer serve them like: enoki mushroom beef roll, pork belly with preserved vegetable(s)They need to update their menu. Even our server said it. They need to remove items they no longer serve and correct the typos. I'll definitely come back for XLB!
Terrible service.  Amateur servers.  People were complaining for the slowness..  This restaurant will not last!
Surprisingly decent xialongbao and VERY good noodles. We were referred to this place by a friend who frequents Vegas. Upon arrival, discovered it was a bit off the main Chinatown strip and inside was really empty. Our concerns were wiped away quickly when we tasted the food. Minus one star for slow and forgetful service. We kept having to remind the waitress for tea, chopsticks, napkins.
Okay so we figured we try a new Asian restaurant place rather than eating at the Chinese restaurants at china town. We found this place by just driving down mountain springs dr and decided to try it out. It was rather empty for lunch time frame with only two tables of customers. The decor is simple with black and red coloring. We were seated after minute or so and were given menus ( or what looked like menus because it was held by tape and literally falling apart) we decided on beef rolls and noodles. It took about 20 minutes for our food to come out which is a bit long because there were not a lot of customers. My food which was the noodles was super salty and super spicy -_-' u guys need to be consistent on taste no? I mean I understand that it has to be spicy but really does it have to be salty too.... The noodles were a bit starchy like it wasn't cooked all the way. The beef rolls were okay except it had a lot of oyster sauce and was missing onions so the taste was off. The place needs some cleaning on the walls of the decorations. There was only one person in the front who serves as the waiter, cashier, and busboy/girl. Which is inefficient cause it will take a while to clean tables and getting to the customers..but overall it's okay
4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Sunday evening for dinner. I scored on a parking spot directly in front of the place and the decor is modern & trendy.

The menu is diverse and we started off with the beef noodle soup (yummy broth lean beef)  and followed with a spicy whole shrimp hot pot and ma po tofu. The hot pot and ma po were spicy delish and the portions were so large we could not finish the two entrees. The service was friendly, attentive and I was advised they bring in live fish from San Diego twice a week.

I've got a new favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas and will be returning on my next trip.
Onion pancakes rolls...  Trust me....
We used to go to Three Village which is upstairs in the same shopping center. 1900 Chinese Cuisine moved downstairs and changed it's name to 1900.  We placed our order even though we were told that most of the dumplings and bao's that we wanted they did not have.  We did notice that a large table of 10 people were being served everything that we had wanted.  We proceeded to wait and wait and wait.  After 20 minutes with absolutely no attention from the waitress my husband asked her about our order and she said it was coming out.  After 10 more minutes we just got up and left.  The service was beyond dreadful.  Of course we will never go back.  This was a terrible experience and there was no reason for being treated this way!!

Nancy PG
The food here is pretty good in taste, but super oily. The fried rice cakes and beef with celery had a puddle of oil at the bottom of the plate. The xlb were just ok. I haven't had ones as good as Joe's Shanghai in NY, even at Din Tai Fung.

Service also left much to be desired. They forgot to bring out a dish when the server brought us the check. We mentioned it to him then and rather than take it off our check he said it was coming out. I have never had a restaurant do this before if the food hasn't come out and you've received the check. They always take it off. He told us that it was coming right out by it didn't for another few minutes. I found that pretty ridiculous. With all the great Chinese available in Vegas, I can't say I would come back here for another meal mostly because of the service.
Great little place.  Go all kind of Shanghai and Szechuan dishes.  Love their beef noodle and the SHANGHAI Steam buns.
Really wanted too give it four start but the service with my experience was the reason. I came here for dinner with my brother family. They were in the lets try something new mode rather then the normal spots. Yay for another review! I always wanted too try the  soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao). By far they didn't disappoint! Hands down the best thing had that night. The thought process of soup in dumpling Brilliant concept and one that can't  think of any other asian restaurant that does it. (or least in my experience so far) You might want too let it cool down for short time but not too long cause once losses the heat cold soup dumplings more like sad dumplings. Lol! Once they come out pop whole dumplings in your mouth. All you want is too pop another another another down. It amazing. The soup tasty in itself, ground pork filing just as tasty, and taste of the dumpling outside really comes all together with one shot. They not as big as you think either so don't be scared cause not something nibble at but go for it.

Other things ordered shared family style was walnut shrimp, spicy tofu dish, chinese broccoli, and chicken wings. I enjoyed the spicy tofu had nice little kick too it, lots of tofu, and like the sauce that was in. Walnut shrimp was ok. I like the fact that nice size shrimp fried too perfection tossed with mayo base sauce on the outside. Nothing really made me say wow. Same goes with the broccoli or chicken wings nothing wow about the dishes. Not sure about other dishes. Three things we were going too try that out of that night. After the second sorry out that can always put damper get all hyped looking at the pics on the menu. The menu talk about good size selection.  Although at the same time I think one of the reasons they run out of stuff is too many things on the menu. It is nice when you have pictures of just about every menu item just in case not sure about the dish. It broad range of food too choose from too.

The service was not very good. She never looked too refill our water glasses the whole time. She never asked what we wanted too drink when she first greeted us or sat us down. The worst part is my nieces order two wonton soups. We got everything else ordered except for the soup. We were done with our meal. We were nice earlier ask about the soup (we had too ask they never recognize soup missing). She apologize but still nothing. Sure got three more tables but earlier we were the only ones in the restaurant. One order not realize missing incomplete order?? Figure they would take it out but they keep force us it coming till we like really expect me pay for it. They took it off but left bad taste and not the lasting impression anyone wants too leave a restaurant.
5 stars for their soupy dumplings and shrimp wonton soup. Do not order the mabo tofu, it had a funny aftertaste. Great experience eating Taiwanese food. Service was good but not friendly. Overall 3.5 stars. Lots of parking in lot. They have big tables to accommodate large groups.
Xiao long bao aka soup dumplings. I've followed these folks from 3 Village restaurant to 1900. They are offering the combo once again, soup dumplings steamed or fried with hot and sour soup or tofu soup for a dollar more. 

Shanghai noodles are a must. They offer the jumbo soup dumplings, not bad but I'll stick with the usual.
Another gr8 Asian restaurant in this shopping center adjacent to Southwest Gas on Spring Mountain Dr.  Frog legs, dumplings, dim sum, noodles beef rolls and other Chinese delights.  Service could be better but the food rocks.
Pass. 
Sadly, I wanted to eat here with a co-worker and convinced him that this place would be a better choice of dinner than Monta Ramen. Boy, was I stupid!

Came at 9:30 and only a table of 5 ppl were there. Waitress gave us tea and a menu. While we looked over the menu, I saw friends outside the restaurant and talked to them for 10-15 minutes. I figured my co-worker had ordered so, I ran back inside to tell him my order and he said: "they never came back!"

So, we sat there for another 10 minutes looking at the other table get food and drinks and chat up the waitress. LIKE, REALLLYYYYYYYY!!???!!!!!!

We walked out. That was ridiculous.
Almost felt like they didn't help us because we weren't "friends" with the waitress or something. If they want to stay open, they better serve everyone the same way or we'll find other places to eat.....and -trust- that there's lots of places to eat on Spring Mountain.
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
A few of my friends and I decided to check this new place out a few months ago, service was ok and the food was good. I'm not the one to leave a bad review but recently we returned and it's as if the place took a complete turn around! Upon entry the service was terrible, you could only imagine how the rest of it went. After 30mins and asking 5 times we finally received our waters (straight from the sink). Most of what we ordered seemed like its been reheated.  Wouldn't recommend coming here late night. Staff doesn't give 100% service
The service is poor, and the food isn't great, I walked in to order something to go, the server was busy so he told me to wait for a bit . I literally waited 20 mins But he still wasn't able to take my order, he told me to continue waiting, I wasted 20mins there to wait for ordering my food, end up I walked out of this place with nothing, the server didn't even apologize,I will never return to this place.
This is the third time I have eaten here and it's 3 strikes you're OUT!

The service has been bad on all 3 occasions but XLB were always good so I suffered through the service. But tonight while the flavor and texture if the soup dumplings was fine, half of them had NO SOUP in them by the time they reached the table (they popped and leaked out before they reached my table).  What's a soup dumpling without soup?

Now back to the service. Took several minutes to be noticed/seated in a half empty restaurant.  While the "plain paper copy" menu was delivered promptly, we waited nearly 20 minutes for them to take our order.

We were also served "luke warm" tea and had to ask for fresh hot tea.  Ordered three items and repeated my order twice, and they still managed to forget one item.

Flavors of the food was good but I cannot return to this place, it's just too much of a struggle to enjoy my meal!
Super yummy Xiao Long Bao! Our hunt is over and tummies satisfied. May even go back tomorrow. My hubby, toddler and I shared 2 orders of XLB (started with 1 order but they were SO delicious we added another order), sautéed veggies w/garlic, green onion pancake and beef noodle soup. We enjoyed everything we ate. Our toddler loved the beef noodle soup even though it was a little spicy. My hubby commented that the beef was very tender not rubbery as at some other places. We will be back sooner than later. Thank you yelp & yelpers for helping us find our XLB place in Vegas.
4 1/2 stars. Came in for dinner BC I wanted to try the live black cod fish. The waitress advised me it was a twenty minute wait which I appreciated.

When my fish arrived I was taken back how large and fresh the fish tasted. It was so tender it melted in my mouth and the sauce mixed with shredded scallions were delish on the steamed rice. The fish was so good I ate the whole thing! 

Try this you won't be disappointed!
The soup dumplings are to die for!!  They are so good!!  Their shanghai pan fried dumpling and the Shang hai pan fried noodles were also delicious!!  Brought my 2 and 3 year old and they loved it!  Only thing is I didn't like is the decor but it's just a matter of taste on my part.
I was craving for the braised pork and lamb skewers as shown in a lot of the pictures, but it turned they changed menu, so it was dissappointing. Anyway , we ordered the cucumber and mushroom cold dish , which was tasty and refreshing , the rest are eggplant, sizzling lamb, pork ricecake with pickled vegetable, the taste were decent, as other reviews mentioned service was slow, they only had one servant , we waited almost half hour for the food to come up. but overall it was ok.
I only come here for xiao long bao which is the soup dumplings, but I also usually get the pan friend shanghai dumplings and beef roll. Rarely do I venture outside of that here. 

The foods good, I haven't found a place with better xiao long baos in Vegas, however the service is alright and some times you'll get someone who barely speaks or understands English. It hasn't detoured me yet though.
This place was profiled in LV Weekly a few months back, and specifically mentioned the beef roll pie, 8 Treasure Noodle, and the frog dish. While I'm intrigued to try frog again, I'll save that $16 dish for a dine-in visit as it doesn't sound like it will travel well.

Opted for the noodle dish and roll pie, ordered by phone to pick up, was ready when I got there a mere 15 minutes later- interior of restaurant is a bit nicer than I expect, having been to a few places in this plaza already. 

Noodle dish was packed well with the noodles separate from the sauce- assembled myself at home, and though I'm not entirely sure of the components, I was okay with the overall flavor. Lots of cut up meats, what appeared to be beans, and shrimp in a brown gravy sauce. Aroma of sauce didn't initially appeal to me but taste was decent. Not a bad dish but not one I can see myself coming back for.

Beef roll pie was a surprise with fresh herb inside- good mix of flavors and textures, and a good portion size for something I assumed was an appetizer and not an actual dish. Tasting this dish makes me curious about dim sum options here, though I decided against getting the XLB (reviews are mixed and I was not dining in).

Portion price and quality for price are fair ($20 total and enough for 2 meals), décor is nicer and more upscale than expected, paper menu is not in keeping with these other aspects of the restaurant- not cohesive, but not an issue that will prevent me from coming back to try other dishes.
Earl been wanting to eat Xiao Long Bao (Small Dragon buns - XLB) for weeks now, since he watched Eddie Huang ate them on one of the episode.  I tasked Earl with finding a restaurant that makes delicious XLB.  He narrowed down the list, and I chose 1900 since I have not been here and supposedly, their XLB are quite decent.

When we arrived, I was surprised to see that 1900 is the spot where the Taiwanese restaurant used to be.  The décor was really nice and the menus were fancy.  We ordered an order of XLB, lamb dumpling, and beef rolls.  XLB was the winner, lamb dumpling was BORING, and Beef rolls were ok, BUT, we had better elsewhere.

So...we will definitely come back for just the XLB.

Service was friendly.