We actually stumbled across this place because we were looking for Noodle Palace, one of the restaurants which we found on yelp. I love Penang style Malaysian food so we thought we should give this one a shot.

There was only one table on the weeknight that we visited. The owner's little boy was running around which didn't bother us at all. He was kinda cute, coming up and checking lil guy out and then running off again. We noticed he was playing with the stereo system and commented on how funny it would be if he suddenly turned the volume up really loud. 

I perused the menu and located some of the items I wanted to try and promptly ordered.

Roti canai ($3.25) is a must when eating with hubby and lil guy. The one here was outstanding. The accompanying curry sauce with a piece of chicken and potato was so flavorful that lil guy ate the entire thing on his own. Hubby and I ate a piece each to taste. Lil guy even ate the spicy curry sauce and it wasn't lame like the one at Satay Malaysian Grill. This one had some heat to it. I was very proud that lil guy's taste buds were so refined, and most of all refined enough to like this one over the one at Satay. He was right, this one was far better than the one at Satay.

My other favorite dish is Hainan Chicken Rice ($5.75) and when it arrived I immediately dove in. WOW. The chicken was tender, the soy sauce was perfect and the accompanying chili/ginger sauce was awesome. I had to ask for more sauce it was THAT good. The chicken flavored rice was also delicious. Lil guy even liked this dish. I was very very happy.

We also got the Hokkien Char Mee or Hokkien style fried noodles ($6.95) was the weakest dish of all. They used the wrong noodles.... should've been egg or 'oil' noodles in Chinese, but it tasted like they used a variation of udon noodles. It was either that or they overcooked it so the texture became mushy. Wrong texture but good flavor.

Service was so-so, not bad but not outstanding. However, the meal was excellent so I was happy. I'm definitely coming back for more Hainan chicken rice next time we're in Vegas. I'm docking half a star for the noodles so 4.5 stars!
The restaurant is located on the second floor of Pacific Asian Plaza, almost adjacent to Hue's Sandwiches.  There were only 6 customers on this Thursday evening which had me a bit concerned, but we are operating under strict orders to seek out new restaurants so we made do.  We shared orders of roti canai (Malaysian/Indian bread served with curry chicken as a dipping sauce),  Penang satay (marinated and grilled chicken skewers with peanut sauce), nasi lemak (coconut rice flavored with cloves and screwpine leaves served with chili anchovy curry chicken and hard boiled egg) and kari ayam (chicken and potatoes with red curry in coconut mild curry).  The roti, satay and nasi lemak were all very good, but the curries were largely indistinguishable.
This is our must-go place whenever we are visiting Las Vegas.  The price is reasonable and the food tastes great.  We've gone there 3 days in a row on our last visit if that says anything.  ;-)
Atmosphere is nice. Their beef curry dish is good. They serve with coconut flavored rice. Roti is good. Fried banana and mango ice cream is the best. They have other desserts but I haven't tried them yet. #42 seafood noodle dish is delicious. I think I like this dish more than the curry now. Appetizer: tofu with cucumber, bean sprout, and peanut sauce is pretty good too.
Visiting Penang for the first time this past weekend, and I have to say this is probably one of the most authentic Malaysian cuisines I've tried in the West Coast.  I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, and I've practically tried every Malaysian/Singaporean restaurants/cafes in the Bay Area.  This restaurant outclass all of these wannabe's including the ultra-pretencious (and unreasonably expensive) Straits Cafe.

I normally go to Satay Malaysian Grille when I am in Vegas...i thought their satay was really good, until I tried Penang this trip.  I went they twice in a row this trip, ordering their Hainanese Chicken rice (excellent!) and chicken satay (even better than Satay Malaysian Grille, esp. the satay sauce).  Also ordered the Cantonese Style Seafood Chow Fun, which is quite good, but frankly, the one at Satay Malaysian Grille is a tad better.

Overall, both Satay Malaysian Grille and Penang Malaysian are very very good... far better than any of the so-called Malaysian/Singaporean places in the Bay Area (with the exception of Rasa, located near the San Jose International Airport).  Penang Malaysian edges ahead in terms of authenticity and price point (about 10-20% cheaper than Satay Malaysian).  Sadly, the business at Penang is nowhere close to its arch rival, which is also on Spring Mountain Road, probably due to the fact that it's a much further away from the strip, hidden in a local Asian strip mall.  In my opinion, "da-best" Malaysian restaurant/cafe is still the Nyonya in NY's Chinatown!  That's a absolutely 5-star rating!
Everything we had here was very good except for the shrimp dish.  I know shrimp are bottom feeders...but exactly what bottom were these shrimp on??  Easily the worst tasting shrimp I've ever had in my life.

That being said..all of the other dishes we had were very good.  I also like how they have a picture of almost every dish available on the menu. So eat anything else but the shrimp!
I wanted to have some Asian food and decided on having Malaysian. It was pretty good, and the waiters spoke cantonese which made the experience interesting because they kept describing the dishes to me. I had the spicy laksa, thick rice starch noodles with a sour and spicy soup filled with fish flakes and fermented shrimp paste. That being said, if you do not like fermented shrimp paste, DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GET THIS DISH. The smell was almost overwhelming, however, the soup was good, it had the balance between salty, sour, and spicy. I would have liked more heat, but over all the dish was pretty good. I think next time I'll try their stir-fried noodles dishes because some of the dishes my friends ordered looked really good. The roti canai, thin crepe-like bread with curry, was good, and atypical to my expectations there was actually a piece of chicken in the curry, other places just give a small dish of curry. The curry was savory and again I expected a little more heat, but overall still one of my favorite appetizers. I would come again if I have a craving.
It seems my mom and dad always insist we come here and eat when we come visit Vegas. Of course I don't object because I am always open to trying new flavors. everything we always order taste delicious and I don't seem to have much of a problem.

This time around, we had the usual Beef Satay, Fried Chicken wings, Roti Canai, Tom Yum Soup, and some shrimp dish and of course "tong Choi" Green veggie like dish. Everything was delicious and I don't have any complaints. The chicken wasn't too crispy, nor was it soggy. The Tom Yum soup was perfect, it was temperature wise hot, and not too salty for my taste buds. The one thing I do have is the Chicken rice was ok only and a gripe I have is they charge for hot tea. Again, coming from the Bay Area charging for hot tea should be a crime! j/k. But yes, other than that the place gets a 3.5/4 from me.
WOW im pretty impressed at the asian selection in vegas. you would never be able to tell if you were in vegas plaza or milpitas plaza. so we decided to have some malaysian cause we were tired of ALL other asian foods.

this is a pretty nice place. kept clean with  the old fashioned countryside feel to it. all the food was really good. you HAVE to get the hianan chicken rice, thats the bombest rice you can get!! and this place makes is real good. we also got the coconut rice, which im not a fan of cause i dont really like the idea of sweets with rice. they have a lot of chinese dishes and i forgot the names of the malaysian dishes, but i came out SATISFIED fo sho.
Revisited Penang recently.  Chinese New Year is the best time to visit Penang 'cos they have special CNY dishes like 

- yue sung (raw fish salad) - scrumptious - lots of crunchy bits, jellyfish, salmon, carrots, and other vege, lovely sauce, lemon - love tossing the salad - the higher you toss, the more luck!!

- hainanese chicken - good with soya sauce and cucumber bits.  The chili sauce rounds it all up!

- taro nest with vege and chicken - jolly good!  Reminds me of the Hillman Restauran in Singapore.  Missing cashews in the dish.

- vege curry claypot - very good - lots of beans, okra - curry nicely spiced

- steamed prawns on a bed of steamed egg - sooooooo good!!

We also went for the hawker food on a different day - had the Penang Prawn Noodle - sooooo  good!!  Just a little spice in the soup.  There's also kangkong and baby shrimps.

NB:  Penang only accepts CASH.  No credit cards.
This was my 2nd time to Penang.  As usual, it wasn't busy when we showed up at 11:30am on a Sunday.  On my first visit there (minus hubby), most notable was the roti canai, the wonton and the char kway tiau.  

This time around, we ordered the following:
roti canai - yummy as usual.  the potatoes and chicken were steeped in curry flavor
wonton soup - great broth, great wontons with pork and shrimp
seafood chow fun - my hubby insisted on ordering this although I pictured plain boiled rice noodles topped with seafood gravy sauce.  was pleansantly surprised when the dish came with the rice noodles cooked like char kway tiau first and THEN covered in gravy.  DELICIOUS!
basil beef - this dish was light on the basil and heavy on the sugar and lemongrass.  at first i wasn't too crazy about it but soon acquired a taste for it.
ayam rendang - chicken w/ spicy red lemongrass sauce.  very flavorful and good although I've always been wary of bone-on chicken pieces covered in sauce.

We both had the Malaysian milk tea.  I enjoyed it quite a bit...tasted like they use evaporated milk.  Hubby took a few sips of his and hated it!

As per usual, we ordered enough food for five so we ended up packing the leftovers for the long tirp back to Orange County!
Penang has two locations...one in Las Vegas and one in West Covina, CA.  I discovered the Las Vegas restaurant through a friend a few months ago and since then, I've dined here three times.  Now I make a point to visit Penang when I'm in Las Vegas.  Although it's off the strip, the drive is worth it to get some good Malaysian food.  

Malaysian cuisine is a mix of Chinese, Thai, and Indian dishes, and is very flavorful, spicy, and fragrant. Three great cuisines combined into one...how can you go wrong? 

Dishes I've tried and their star ratings (with 5 stars being the best):

* Roti Canai (4 stars / $3.25) - have ordered this each time and always one of my favorites.  This is basically Malaysian chicken curry served with a flaky Indian-style pancake.  This appetizer is small (one small bowl of curry and one large flaky pancake), but still enough to share between two people.    

* Penang Satay...beef and chicken (4 stars / about $6 for five sticks) - Others have mentioned that these run a little spicy, but the marinade makes the satay so tasty!  I like spicy, so I had no complaints.  I normally don't need the peanut sauce that comes with this appetizer.  

* Curry Puffs (3 stars / $5.50 for four small puffs) - These were decent, but nothing special.  The puffs were filled with a curried potato and chicken mix.  I found the curry a bit overwhelming and the puffs too spicy...for a pastry.  A more subtle flavor would have worked better.  ;-X  

* Penang Char Kway Teow (4 stars / $7) - This is a dish containing stir fried flat noodles with shrimp, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce, and chili paste.  Although good, I wasn't wowed by the dish.  However, to be fair, I am comparing it to the most awesome Char Kway Teow served by street stall vendors in Penang, Malaysia; I ordered this street stall food almost every day while there.  

* Mee Goreng (4 stars / $7) - This is an Indian-style egg noodle dish stir fried with dried squid sauce, tofu, potatoes, shrimp, egg, and bean sprouts.  I ate this after a hangover, and from what I remember, tasted pretty good.  

* Hainanese Chicken (half -- 4 stars / $10) - This is one of my favorites.  The dish comes with flavored rice that comes with steamed chicken, accompanied by broth, soy sauce, and minced ginger.  Simple but oh so yummy!

* Kang Kung Belacan (5 stars / $10) - I always order this at both Penang locations and it's my favorite dish. The Kang Kung (or Chinese On Choy) is sautéed with this yummy, spicy Malaysian shrimp paste sauce.  I can eat just this alone with rice!  This dish is also easy to make at home.  The $10 cost is a bit pricey for just sautéed veggies, but oh well...I can't help myself!  

PROS:
- Cheap prices for great food
- Food served reasonably quickly
- Plenty of parking in this strip mall area
- Menus have pictures on them, to assist those that aren't familiar with Malaysian cuisine

CONS:
- After you get your food, follow-up service can be spotty
- Restaurant is located on second floor of a strip mall (ok, so I get lazy to go down the stairs after my belly is full...the elevator takes FOREVER)

This is Malaysian food, so most dishes come spicy.  Between the Las Vegas and West Covina locations, I find that the dishes at the Las Vegas location had more flavor and tasted more authentic.
Visited here for the first time with Steve R.  It was also my first time eating Malaysian.  Wow.  Loved it.  Here's what we had:

Roti Canai - This was awesome - the roti was so good.  I could just sit there eating this. 

Hainanese Chicken - Tender chicken with very subtle flavors.  A little too subtle for my taste buds - but the chili sauce it comes with helped in that department.

42A - Forget what it was called, but it had those delicious rice cakes in it.  This was my favorite dish.  Steve R. said it reminds him of an Asian gnocci - I agree.

Kang Kung Belacan - this was a simple dish but the star was the fermented shrimp paste which I really wanted to try.  It did not disappoint - stinky and tasty!

Can't wait to go back!  My mouth's watering just thinking about it.

Those dishes plus a soda and tip was $45.
This shop needs better marketing strategy. They have no take out menu.. They have food at low prices, lunch specials at even lower prices.

I had the roast pork fried rice.It was so good. The roast pork was as authentic and tender as it is supposed to be. My friends had the chicken rice and it was fantastic. I am eating there everyday this week when I'm in Vegas!!!!

They open from 11 to 11
I went to the shop at 2.35 today and asked the (only) guy if the lunch specials were for to-go too. He told me I was too late. I told him the menu states till 3pm. He reluctantly agreed to take my order. When I read him the dish I wanted, he told me to tell him the number. After a while, he started making phone calls. I suspected his cooks have gone off for a break. 10 min later, his mexican cooks came back and started cooking. 

I had chicken rice and curry chicken with rice. The curry chicken (no.2) was quite nice. Not spicy. Good deal for the price.
If you want authentic singapore malaysian cuisine, this is the place to go.  We made several trips to this gem of a place hidden on the second floor of a strip mall the last time we visited Vegas.  This place is not very crowded so I pray this place will be around next time I visit Vegas.  Owned by a malaysian family, the husband is the sole chef while the wife takes the orders. The food is absolutely delicious and prices are very reasonable.  Their menu of consists of almost 150 items with pictures of every single items so you can see what you're getting.  I wish they'd open up a place like this in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Here's everything I tried and recommend.  

Roti Canai- so yummy with the curry sauce dip

Satay Tofu- crispy fried tofu appetizer stuffed with cucumber, bean sprouts and peanut sauce for dipping.  

Baby oyster omelet- this unique dish is soooooo good

Claypot noodle soup- I've never had claypot noodle soup before but this had shrimp and seafood with a savory soup

Penang Char Kway Twow- unique noodle dish where the noodles are like little rice cakes.  The taste was just delectable in this dish.  Went back another day to order this and was so disappointed they ran out of this item

Penang Char Kyay Ka- yummy noodle dish with your more traditional chow mein noodles

Bak Kat Teh- this dish reminded me of my childhood.  It is a chinese herbal soup and although it was 95 degrees outside, we had to have this soup.  It's cleansing and soooooooo yummy.  I think we ordered this several times

Ginseng Black Chicken Soup- I've never been in a place where you can order this.  I love black chicken soup and have only gotten this at home when I was little

Homemade tofu with scallops and lobster sauce- This homemade tofu was the bomb.  You need rice with this dish since the sauce is so savory.  We had this with their yummy chicken rice

Steamed fish teow chow style- This steam fish was served with veggies that made this dish unique.  

Fried Pearl Noodles- I just had to try this dish when I saw it on the menu.  I used to help my mom make pearl noodles when I was little and it brought back so many memories.  

And for dessert every night, we had :

Ice Kakang which is malaysian shaved ice.  It was so good with different taste of fruit, condensed milk, red bean, grass jelly, sweet corn, and a variety of other asian surprises.  I've never had this before and had to have this every time I visited.

So all in all, can you tell I just loved this place????     Enjoy!  8-)
I am a Malaysian from KL living in Las Vegas.  I must say that this place is heaven sent for Malaysians living here! FYI ..Malaysian food  consist primarily of Malay, Chinese, Nonya  and Indian foods. The food at Penang is as good as the food I get in Kuala Lumpur! I love everything here except paying for chinese tea! My nephews from Malaysia visiting me 2 years ago says the roti canai here is the best they ever had! I beg to differ but I lived in a different era in Malaysia where everything was fresh and made to order.  My fav is the nasi lemak (national dish of Malaysia) and the Haininese chicken. Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.
I eat here with my girlfriend and her dad whenever the occasion arises.  They are both Malaysian and this is the only place he deems worthy of going out to.  The food is hit and miss depending on what you order.  I've been here maybe 4 times and I would give it a different rating each time based on the food, but I say it ranks a solid 3.5 overall.

The best dishes I have had so far are the big tofu with shrimp (sorry, not very accurate), the lamb curry, and this crunchy circle thing with seafood inside (again, sorry of the descriptions).  The okra was not to my liking.  They also have deep fried jumbo shrimp, but its fried with the skin still on, which is not entirely edible despite being deep fried.

Also, one of the workers has a son who sits in the corner all day and watches DVDs.  He's known by many of the locals and often plays with the kids of patrons who eat there a lot, in case you have kids.

I will try to update with names or numbers of dishes.
Living in LA for the last 6 years, it's been impossible to find any real Malaysian food.  The closest thing we have is Indonesian food, and even still, there are only a couple of those restuarants nearby.  Indonesian food is basically the same as Malay food, but the two cultures tend to emphasize different areas in the flavor spectrum.  I usually find that Indonesian food has more coconut milk and sambal than I prefer. 

I spent 3 summers in Malaysia during my early teen years, while my dad was working in Kuala Lumpur.  That being said, I have many fond memories of eating Malaysian local food.  Penang Malaysia helped me revisit those flavors that I have been craving for so many years!

Roti Canai - Delicious fresh and flakey roti, much better than the frozen paratha that I've had at other places serving this dish.  The chicken curry for dipping was also amazing.

Nasi Lemak - Classic Malaysisan breakfast dish.  I substituted beef rendang for the curry chicken.  This dish really brought back the memories... the coconut rice was somewhat on the mild side, but the beef rendang was perfect.  With just a touch of a coconut milk, the sauce was heavier with sweet chili flavors, and the chunks of beef were falling apart.  The dried fish in pickled onion/chili sauce was a little more on the sour side than I'm used to, but still went great with the sliced cucumbers and hard boiled egg.

Belacan Kang Kung - Ong choy stir-fried in shrimp paste.  They did a good job of not overcooking the vegetables, keeping the hollow stems quite crispy.  The flavors leaned towards the sweet side, and kept the saltiness and shrimpiness of the dish at a moderate level.  This was a good thing, since our other dishes already added plenty of saltiness and heaviness to our meal.  I ate half of the plate by myself!

Hainan Chicken - The chicken itself was steamed to perfection.  The flesh was very moist and tender.  I would have prefered a ginger-garlic dipping sauce (their's was more of a sweet-chili garlic sauce) but otherwise, the dish was great.  The broth-cooked rice was freshly made and the flavors mixed well together.

I wish that I had come with a bigger group because there were so many other dishes I wanted to order.  Penang char kway-teow, bak ku teh, mee goreng, mee laksa, fried fish with chili sauce, niang tofu, ice kacang, ahh I want to go back...

From now on, I'm going to have to eat here everytime I'm in Vegas.
The food is good but the service sucks. 

Am a native Malaysian so I know what is real Malaysian food and what is passable. As is with most Malaysians, our main pre-occupation is to eat. So whenever I travel to a different town I look for a good place to eat. 

Have been to Penang MC about 5 times this year. So I guess you can say I like the food. My wife loves the dishes there. Sometimes her favorite dish, homemade tofu, is awesome and sometimes just acceptable. There are lots of favs there: char keoy teow, chicken curry, beef rendang, nasi lemak, bak kut teh...

I have not tried their roti chanai....nothing can ever compare, even the best prepared roti here, to the ones made at home: fresh on the giant black iron skillet coated with ghee. And served with a big plastic bowl of curry. 

I would give this restaurant 5 stars but cannot because of two things:
Minus one star for one of the worst service, the five times I have gone there I have had the bad luck of getting the same wait person...she does not smile and we have to ask for water or napkins. I can't understand why the she refuses to smile or even look out for things each table needs. She rather text on her phone behind the register. And we are not bad tippers. 

Minus one star for not taking credit cards. 

At the now closed Satay - Malaysian Grille, the service was great. Food was great. But now they are gone. Too bad.
my dad LOVES this place. LOVES. so for him i give it 5 stars. i like it too but he LOVES its.
he's from malaysia so i suppose this tastes authentic to him. 
their tofu is soo good. so soft and wonderful. 
their barley is good too. not too sweet.
lamb curry was good too.
The food here is the closest food there is to Indonesian food, which is my favorite. Very good dishes here. The lunch specials are worth trying too. I like the chicken hainam and lamb curry here- very well-balanced with perfect spiciness. I shall come back soon.
This food took us right back to eating in Singapore. We really enjoyed it and the other reviews were very helpful with ordering. The portions are large and the prices reasonable. I guess they must read their reviews because the service was attentive and friendly. We ate lunch there two days in a row and the second day the woman thanked us for coming back. The atmosphere is pleasant and the strip mall has underground parking so you can get your car out of the sun. Well worth the trip off the strip!
This visit is quite disappointing. I went in twice in 2 days. I think the only decent dish is the chicken rice and the char kuay teow (fried rice noodle.
The curry chicken is quite lousy. They didn't manage to make the curry taste asian enough. Something's missing. Kari mee is not good too. Sauce is too thick for noodles. The Kang Kong belachan is pretty good if you like spicy vegetables. The Singapore fried Mee Hoon is disappointing too. Not much of a taste except for oil. The Mee Goreng (Malaysian fried noodles) is quite ok too, noodles a little soggy.

We asked about the Malaysian coffee and the nice owner said its coffee is condensed milk. They use nescafe for that. 
We had the plum juice. It was way too saltish. Not sweet and not sour enough. Tasted a lot like salt water.

Generally a rather disappointing experience.
The roti canai is the best in town .  I can just eat this and call it a meal.  Their roti is crisp and matches great with the curry chicken sauce that comes with it.  Ask for the picture menu if you aren't familar with Malaysian food.  
      This place is always empty when I come here.  I don't know why , but the other dishes I order are reasonably price and tasty.
My dad and I were dropped off in front of Raku (Japanese restaurant across the street) at around 5 p.m. When we saw their 'hours' sign, it said they opened at 6 p.m. GREAT. We were in the middle of NOWHERE and it was freezing so we decided to venture across the street to the Pacific Asian Plaza.

My dad saw a sign for Thai food so we went upstairs to take a look... except there was no one in there and I refuse to go into an empty restaurant. But a few steps from that Thai restaurant was Penang. The photos of the food looked really good and I searched around their door looking for Zagat signs or whatever and then I saw "YELP LOVES US." I WAS LIKE OH YES WE ARE EATING HERE.

The food was sooo good!!! I had been craving Hainan Chicken Rice for the longest time and I finally got my fix there. Their ba gut deh (spelling?!) was very tasty and reminded me of the soups back at the night markets at home. We ordered some fried noodle dish too but it wasn't that great. 

The service was good too but probably because we were in the only customers inside at the time. But a few more parties came in after us and I noticed every table had ordered the Hainan Chicken Rice, HOLLA! I was thinking that they must be known for that dish.

We waited forever for a taxi to come pick us up but the food was definitely great and memorable. Oh and they are CASH ONLY.
even though i'm indonesian, i really think that i'm as credible as a malaysian to review this restaurant. i even feel at home ordering the food with my accent (kangkung belacan, mee kari, rendang, roti telor, nasi lemak, udang gandum, oh wait, aren't these indonesian food? oh yea i forgot about the indo-malay culture stealing issue for decades, i'm not saying that all of the food here are being ripped off from indonesian food but SOME of them were being acclaimed as malaysian food. google about this culture stealing issue if you don't believe me)

anyway i don't really care about the culture stealing issue, what we care about is that we love the food!! in general, this place is great but lacking of decent service and they keep running out of food (young coconut, and kangkung belacan on our second day visit) 

1 star off because of the lame service, 15% included tip, and cash only
Notes: 1 visit, late lunch.
Overall: Food had some good points, but I wasn't overwhelmed.  West Covina, CA location is better if you're in the area.

Hainan chicken - chicken was soft, but they left out the best part - the chicken juice.  I love it when they pour that stuff all over the rice.  (I say juice so it sounds healthier than say, 'oily chicken essence.'  Also, if you want really good Hainan chicken rice and you happen to be in Alhambra, CA, go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/savoy-kitchen-alhambra#hrid:8nuOzJJQDsKa9NK-WhJsbQ/src:search/query:hainan%20chicken)  

Some sort of egg tofu - pretty good, but really heavy.  Don't order it unless you're hungry or you really know how to scarf protein.  

Roti canai - Must try for Malaysian cuisine it seems.  Crepe/pancake style bread that you dip in curry.  The curry was good, don't remember what kind it was.  I don't think it was served hot enough, though.  It got cold too quickly.  My mom said the bread wasn't as good as their location West Covina.  

Chicken satay - Really light appetizer.   They give you really small, thin strips of chicken.  Don't expect this to be in any way filling (unless you decide to pour the peanut sauce all over your rice, and you just might be because that sauce is so sweet and delicious.  Almost sweet enough to be a dessert.)
The food here was yummy. First day in Vegas and this is where my family brought me. Great choice.

I had their seafood wet chow fun. You know what I mean right, I can't remember the name of it. That was delicious. My dad had the Red curry. For an appetizer we had the Roti Canai. Very good roti! Way better than Banana Island in Daly City, CA. Not all crispy flakes, it had substance. 

The owner was really nice and our food came out in a timely manner. Oh and the best thing, if you don't know what to order they have a menu with pictures of all the food. How good is that? When I go back to Vegas, I'm going again.
You disappointed me, Penang.  I sat down at a table and told the waiter, "I want something great that I can only get here at this restaurant, nowhere else in Las Vegas."  He pointed out a menu photo of an orange-looking mix of curry/stir fry type stuff with "Penang" in the title, and I said yes.  Know what showed up on my table?  Pad... f*cking... Thai.  Sure, it had a little spin on it with a bit of brown bean paste mixed in, but it was still Pad Thai with shrimp, squid, egg, noodles, and bean sprouts.  It was pretty decent homestyle Pad Thai, even!  But this is not the only restaurant in Las Vegas where you can get that.  You can make your own decent Pad Thai if you just try!  So I'm not going back here.  Hue Thai next door is way more creative and you get more for your money too.  It's 2010, Penang Malaysian!  You'd better blow people's minds, because there's no room in this economy for mediocrity.
If you're tired of eating Asian "fusion" food from the strip, consider trying this restaurant if you want authentic Malaysian food.

What is Malaysian food? I would describe it as Chinese food incorporated with a lot more spices and seafood, resulting in something incredibly tasty! 

My Malaysian aunt (who is a foodie with a picky palatte) introduced me to this place, and it was love at first bite! Consider the "chow guei teow"(sp) for starters! And the beef penang (beef curry) with coconut rice. Correct my spelling and names, if I'm wrong. It doesn't matter because this food is bomb!

Now, I wish the portions were a little bit larger, but this may be standard sized around the area. I'm used to Los Angeles Chinese food portions!
I was on my way yesterday (4-16-10) to try Bosa 1 on Jones, but when I got there, I found they close at 3:30 on Friday afternoons.  I headed to Spring Mountain Road to do some exploring.  As I came alongside the Pacific Asian Plaza, I remembered a friend saying there was a great Malaysian restaurant there.  There was Penang on the second floor.

I got an order of Curry Puffs for an appetizer.  I wondered what was taking so long. The puffs are 4 good-sized pastries filled with a very good ground potato, chicken, tofu mixture with a curry seasoning.  They were very hot from the oven - hence the wait.  They were excellent.

For the main course, I got the Homemade tofu with scallops and lobster sauce.  There were no scallops, but there was a good amount of shrimp.  The tofu was absolutely sensational!!  

I decided to give the Malaysian iced coffee a try and it was good.  Not something I'd get every time, but it certainly was worth a try.

I'm glad I stopped here.  I have enough leftovers for dinner tonight.  The portions are so large, there is enough for two to share if you want.  Service was excellent.  And note, this is another Chinatown restaurant that does CASH ONLY.
Went a few months ago and wanted to try something different. I love Malay style food and sounded perfect to try. Good thing we saw the CASH ONLY sign first! 

I had a goat curry and BF had a noodle plate that really escapes me right now. I liked my curry a lot, lots of nice flavors and spices, but it didn't taste like goat. Maybe it was, but it did not have that "goat flavor" to it....has a bit of fat, but not grossly so I liked it. BF said his noodles was okay and I took a few bites and yeah, we've had better elsewhere. 

I did enjoy my curry so I am curious what else they have to offer. I'm a fan of Malay dishes and really this is the only place around, I hope most will be on point. To be continued...
Penang.. Where have you been all my life? I was a Malaysian food virgin until i stumbled upon this place.  
Delicious food, clean space, and friendly service. 

Roti Canai - light crispy and doughy bread served with a side of curry 
                      dipping sauce with chicken and  
                      potatoes..FANTABULOUS!

Hainan Chicken - steamed delicate chicken that has a ginger soy 
                                sauce.. with coconut jasmine rice.. delish

So many other things to try there.. but all have been great.  The best way to describe Malaysian food is a hybrid of Indian and Thai food.  For some reason my japanese palate and this cuisine get along real well.  

I love desserts and they have some interesting ones. 

Seek this place out.. it's incredible!
the food was mediocre at best.
I was craving hainan chicken rice!! use my yelp mobile. And found this place!!  The dish came with a sweet soy sauce. The chicken was moist.  It came with flavored rice not bad but a bit on the drier side. Not bad average
I got taunted by a friend about how he was gonna go to banana island, in Daly City California, for their roti canai . . . 

I went yelping for any place that could possibly have roti canai. I ended up here at Penang Malaysian Cuisine. I was VERY disappointed in the roti canai. It had parts of the flour that wasn't fully cooked due to being way too thick. The curry dipping sauce just like other comments was almost to the point of being cold when brought out. It was a HUGE Disappointment. 

I ordered the Hainan Chicken and that was also a let down. The chicken was too soft and not a little chewy at all. Seriously I guess I should just stick to ordering it at a Chinese place instead.

I also ordered the Chow Teow? number 42. on other words, "it tasted like chow fun at a food to go place". Save your money and go to a food to go place instead of spending 8 bucks + tax on this dish.

No wonder the place was so empty.
I took a friend here who had never tried malay/singaporean food and he was duly impressed.  We had roti canai, curry mee and hainan chicken.  The roti canai was light and crispy and the accompanying curry with potato and chicken chunks was the most flavorful.  The noodles were OK and the Hainan chicken was moist and flavorful.  I would have liked the ginger sauce too but it tasted good with the soy sauce.  For a desert, we had banana 'grenade' which would have been better with riper bananas and a syrup instead of powdered sugar.
I've been here twice. As with many things in Vegas, this is a bad, overpriced replica of something elsewhere. 

How could they screw up the Hainanese Chicken?! It's such a simple dish. The Hokkien Mee was unrecognizable on seeing or tasting. The only barely acceptable dishes were the Bak Ku Teh and the Roti Canai.

I wonder whether they just don't care because they expect to get tourists. The locals must know that this place sucks, which must explain not having more than 2 tables occupied at any given time.
This was my first Malaysian cuisine experience, and I loved it!  I guess I would describe Malaysian cuisine to be like a cross between Thai food and Indian food, but a little less strongly flavored.  This particular restaurant was a nice little place, well lit and decorated and clean.  The waitress was very friendly, and quite helpful.  We ordered the Basil Noodle ($7.95), the Ayam Rendang ($11.95), and the Pineapple Shrimp ($14.95).  That last one was a little expensive, but I will get to why!

The Basil Noodle was probably my favorite of the three dishes.  It was kind of like a pad kee mao, but with thinner noodles and a different sauce.  It had sliced mushrooms, thinly sliced green and red bell peppers, onions, and Chinese broccoli. The sauce was very light, and lightly sweet.  Although it tasted nothing like pad kee mao in flavor, it sort of resembles that Thai dish in style.  

The Ayam Rendang was quite interesting.  It had chicken on the bone covered in a thick red curry sauce.  it was very lightly spicy (compared to Thai food or Indian food), and kind of had an Indian curry flavor, but was a lot lighter than your typical Indian curry.  I quite enjoyed this as well, particular because I don't like the heavier Indian curry styles.  This was ice over a bed of white rice.  

The Pineapple shrimp was a little pricey, but it is served in half of a pineapple husk, and with fresh pineapple.  The flavor was very light, and a tad sweet.  This was kind of like a breakfast dish for me.  I don't know if I would order this again as it was just a little bit bland for my tastes, but the pineapple presentation was amazing.  

Overall, even with the CASH ONLY rule, this place is rockin.  I would definitely go again.  If Thai food and Indian food are just a little too much for you, I would definitely recommend trying Malaysian food as it is toned down in the spice/flavor department.  Very nice!!
We lucked out and found a great place to eat. We originally tried to eat noodle palace, finding out they closed down. Everyone was irritated and we needed food. So we gambled and while we were already on the second floor, to eat here.

They had a regular menu and a picture menu with some food. We order sizzling beef, pineapple fried rice, shrimp fried rice, roti canai, beef chow fun, deep fried eggplant and ALL WERE DELICIOUS! We are planning a trip to eat again, when lent is over since some of us couldn't eat meat of fridays.

The downside is they only accept cash but well worth it.
Heard alot of good comments, but went there to find only the shop has closed down ={ anyone know where has it moved to ?
People, I think this place is closed; for good.  "    :(
Too much Italian & Chinese food in Las Vegas ?   Wake your taste bud up with a Malaysian Cuisine.  I was looking for a Thai Restaurant and ran into this.  Owner told me they have not Grand Opening yet, but still organizing.  I told them I am hungry and they cooked up a good meal as if I am in Penang, on the beach.  My taste bud was satisfied and I could not say more to THANK the owner.  Here you go, try this new place out !  It is located inside the Pacific Mall. Nothing fancy.
Yay! it's back as Island Malaysian Cuisine.  Saw the grand opening sign when we drove by.  Order our usual Kang Kung Balachan and Basil Chicken!
This place is now called Island Malaysian Food. Chef is the same and service is the same.  I was worried that this place was gone when we saw a Grand Opening sign, but once we walked in, we saw the same people there.  Apparently the chef is now the owner!  YAY!  See updated review under "Island Malaysian".
I love this place! so glad it re-opened with same faces and good food.. Its now called Island Malaysian cuisine. They also have a website! Http://www.islandmalaysiancuisine.weebly.com  Reasonable prices, friendly staff and Fantastic authentic malaysian food! A MUST GO!!
This is seriously must be the best Chinese restaurant in Waterloo. The dishes are very nice and homely. You can go as group and order a few dishes to share. Good for home sick students if this is how you are used to eating at home.

Just awesome!
Quite a large menu. I was more so impressed with the depth of their vegetarian section, featuring soy chicken, ham and seafood. I had the Kung Pow "Chicken" it cost around $8.50 but you would need some rice or noodles on the side. I found the imitation meat to be very soft and doughy tasting. It was pretty average in the vegetarian section but my meat eating dinner guest weren't overly impressed with their dishes either.
Very good take out chinese food. Reasonably priced and we got tons of food. We were very happy with our order. I belive we had the take out special for 4 and it was around 45 delivered. Delivery was very quick
A long-time staple for delicious Chinese food in the community.  Their food was hot and fresh. The red sauce is delicious.  The chicken balls actually have a lot of chicken; they're not all breading.  The chicken fried rice was great.  The breaded shrimp were good, like a light tempura batter.  The egg roll was stuffed with a lot of stringy vegetables and no meat, which was unfortunate.

A must try!