Disgusting and soo unpleasant!  Was dragged here with my girlfriend after a couple of my friends raved about it.  I don't even know where to start.

Atmosphere: Inside kind of looks like a bar/lounge.  Outside is a patio.  We sat inside as it's so hot out.  Unfortunately, on Fridays and Saturdays it turns into a 'club'.  Although the only people there were about 5 or 6 at the bar and our table of 6, the DJ still played the loudest, most irritating techno music throughout the whole meal.  We couldn't even talk to each other.

Food: Almost inedible!  I've had delicious mediterranean food before.  The food here was terrible.  The bread was hard.  My girlfriend called it poor man's bread.  We split the stuffed peppers and some garlic fries with herbs.  The fries were ok had they not been drenched in oil.  The peppers were so gross.  They had such a nasty flavor and were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat/rice mix.  It was all covered with a terrible white sauce with a weird dill flavor.  Our friend had a feta cheese stuffed pepper and it also had that nasty white sauce.  We ordered the tres quesos  pizza for the table and it was too cheesy and way too salty.  I prefer chuck e cheese over this!  Another one of our friends got the cheese in a clay pot and I can't even understand how that was edible.  It was hard chunky cheese and eggs with some veggies in there.  So gross.  

At one point, I had to go to the bathroom because I thought I was going to throw up.  The loud music mixed with the disgusting tasting and smelling food just put me over the edge.  

We will NEVER go back again!
I don't like wobbly chairs and tables and that's what they have here. Menu doesn't explain well what stuff is and I came for tapas but tapas that I like not to try some new form of meat.  Waitress was real pushy to have me get things she liked and I said no and she said "I thought you came here to try something new" and I said "not at all I came here to get food that I know I like and want".
The food I ordered was pretty good but what a painful process to get it.
I may come back but not without trying other tapas in the area first.
I've been wanting to try this place for a couple months, so when I got an email from restaurant.com advertising a $25 coupon for $2 it seemed like the perfect time to finally check it out.  The bf and I went on Friday night around 8pm and when we arrived there were a couple people at the bar, and that was it. Eating in empty restaurants makes me pretty uncomfortable, but we are always looking for places with a little character (and not part of a chain) so we wanted to give it a shot. After we sat down, the girl that was behind the bar came and took our drink order and gave us menus. There was no actual drink menu, which seemed strange for a place that supposedly has all kinds of infused vodkas and intl beers. Anyway, a couple more people trickled in and it seemed like they were all regulars. The bartender/waitress came back and took our order, but didn't write anything down and after I rattled off a few things she asked if we just wanted to start with that. Um, ok, but it's tapas and I'm hungry! There were a couple other things we had already decided on, but whatever. She did mention the portions of some of the things we ordered were small, which I expected from tapas, so we definitely wanted to order more. It's a pet peeve of mine when waiters don't write down orders--I'm sure some people really have fantastic memories, but 98% of the time I've had a waiter not write down an order it's gotten messed up in some way. This time was no exception. We were brought 2 different things that we hadn't ordered and had to remind her a couple of times what we had actually ordered. For a while it seemed like the girl was the only person working and since some of the people that had arrived after us were sitting out on the patio, she was a little all over the place and clearly needed help. A bit later another girl showed up (and FINALLY refilled my water) and things were slightly smoother after that. They were both really nice so I hate to complain, but they were just not on top of it. 

On to the food....first, we ordered a manchego, piquillo pepper toast which was ok, an eggplant dish that really needed bread or something since it was basically a dip (they did bring us bread when we asked for it), shrimp in garlic and olive oil and a Spanish tortilla. Everything had a bit too much oil (except the tortilla) and felt like it was just missing something. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either. The tortilla was more like a frittata with potatoes than a traditional Spanish tortilla. We also ordered manchego on grilled toast (I looooove manchego cheese) and a pepper stuffed with feta--I think it was called burek on the menu. I didn't realize it was going to be battered and deep fried, so it wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The breading was a bit thick for my taste, but the melty feta inside was good. I wasn't really sure what to make of the creamy dill sauce it came with. It looked like it was going to be tzatziki, but it most certainly wasn't. Oh well. 

Since we had the certificate from restaurant.com our total bill (food, 2 beers and 1 cocktail) came to right about $30. That also included 18% gratuity (calculated on pre-discounted check per the certificate) so it was pretty reasonable. However, it bums me out when I use a certificate that requires gratuity to be automatically added and I receive shitty service. I think if we hadn't used a certificate and paid $55 for our meal I would've been more unsatisfied. I really want to give 2.5 stars, but I'll bump it up because I think this place has potential and I want them to succeed. I would try it again...but maybe just to have a couple drinks and a snack instead of a full dinner.
Upon entering Forte on my initial visit, my first thought was that it was very European. This wasn't just because it was dead at lunch, as most restaurants in Europe are, but also because of the eccentric decor, dark lounge-like feel, off-the-beaten-path location, and genuine hospitality. That, and the fully stocked bar featuring very cheap glasses of delicious European wines (this I would find out later).

I've over-ordered Forte at twice now, and though I can't say everything on the small plates menu is a winner, I can say I will keep coming back due to the aforementioned charming qualities and a few unique, inexpensive food highlights.

The menu is broken down by European country (mostly Eastern) and their corresponding regional specialties. Under Russia, you won't find any caviar or borscht, but you will find adjarkski kachapurri, which goes down the hatch more easily than it rolls off the tongue ($6.99). This consists of a freshly baked bread loaf akin to a short, fat French baquette, that is hollowed in the center and stuffed with cheese, butter, and a raw egg. If I lost you at 'raw egg' then let me elaborate. The egg is mixed in table-side and is cooked by the heat of the bread, turning the dish into a protein-filled vegetarian friendly dish that will change your mind about Russian food. The flavor of the crusty bread combined with the egg and cheese reminded me of a quiche, yet this was unlike anything I've ever had. Extra (yet unnecessary) points for that!

The section from Spain features a variety of chorizo sausages, amongst other items. We had the chistora and bilbao (each $2.50) which were fantastically charred and of fantastic value. These rivaled the Polish links at Costco as far as sausage bargains go, and were much better in my opinion.

One note selections included the chicken skewers ($3.25 each), sauteed shrimp ($6.50), and the Bulgarian shopski served in an adorable clay pot ($6.99). Though there are a few minor flops, the thing I love most about this place is that you can try a lot of different foods you've probably never heard of, and, if you don't like them, you haven't spent enough to regret having given them a whirl.

Coming back to the wine, I ordered a glass of Spanish Cosechero Blanco, which I was told cannot be found anywhere else in Vegas. Guess how much? $4.50!! The owner of the restaurant, who was our waitress on my second visit, and a gem in and of herself, offered to sell me a bottle at wholesale cost when I mentioned I liked it. So, I got a bottle for later that cost me just $8.20. That pretty much sealed the deal for me!

This is a place you have to be experimental and open-minded to go to, but if you appreciate other cultures and want to join me on my mission to support the mom and pops in Vegas, then you'll have no trouble mustering the strength to go to Forte.
Forte has an incredibly extensive menu that ranges from Spanish tapas to Russian and Bulgarian specialties, but I'll get to the food later because the MOST UNIQUE part of this restaurant are the numerous house Infused Vodkas:

 The "Garden Vodka" when used as a substitute for every ingredient in your Dirty Martini excluding dry vermouth, creates an Exceptionally tasty yet one of a kind Cocktail. And I'm not afraid to admit that I am definitely a cocktail snob ;D

There is raspberry infused vodka, potato infused vodka, various Grappas... The list goes on- you need to check this place out if only to discover the rest. In addition they have Banana Sambuca, and while it isn't infused in house it's definitely going to be a pleaser for adventurous types. The bar is very well stocked from recongnizable alchohol to imported beers and wine, and especially imported vodkas; So don't be afraid to get obscure, like small village in the Ukraine obscure.

Service- One thing I couldn't understand are the bad reviews preceding mine! You cannot come here expecting your service to be like The Olive Garden or some other heinous food chain. Forte is definitely an intimate atmosphere if you go early or on a weeknight. Thursday night is quietest. Because like most Eastern European bars/ casual restaurants they like to get a little rowdy with music! It's apart of the culture. They are having Jazz on Mondays though FYI. Service is personable and casual, and perfect for what it is.

The food is incredibly fresh and delicious. The egg boat had a name I won't even try to pronounce (see pictures), and is a dish I've never come across before. So happy I did! My favorites were the almond stuffed dates (Rich and Delightful) and the Feta Burek with its flaky delicate crust and creamy center- Mmmm. For dessert we had the biscuit cake which reminded us of Tiramisu at first glance, but had this incredibly soft texture and taste that did not resemble Tiramisu, and it was a sumptuous finish to a quite filling dinner. They have flavored cappuccinos as well! 

If I had to sum up this place in a sentence it would be:
Don't miss out!!
Russian and Bulgarian foods and if that is not enough some Spanish Tapas. This place is as good as it is diverse. The food is delicious and they have a great selection of affordable wines to go with the meal. I highly recommend the Spanish Chorizo Plate. Delicious. The salads were great and the Pita bread that comes with the meal is great. Just go easy because you will need your appetite for this meal. Share some plates and enjoy.
I had high hopes for this place based on the local press it has been getting.

Kind of funky interior, and definitely has a European feel to it

I spent some time with the menu and was a bit overwhelmed by all the dishes available

Finally ordered a few things, and while sitting at the bar ( keep in mind this is a non-gaming establishment )    I notice someone to my far left smoking and then after speaking with the waitress / bartender another guest starts smoking 2 seats down from me on the left.     I overhear the waitress / bartender say something to the effect of "Smoking is ok at the bar"

No actually its not OK,   you can't just make up you're own smoking policy.    Its disgusting and I refuse to eat anywhere that smoking is permitted - legally or otherwise

Before my food arrived I left

I will not be returning under any circumstances
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!  

Forte has an awesome euro-vibe: hip and so authentic.  My husband and I go about once per week and we haven't even come close to trying everything on the menu.  Some of our favorites...patatas bravas, tuna-stuffed tomato with hard-boiled egg, sofiiska baniza (feta-stuffed pastry), queso manchego canapes, stuffed peppers, stuffed cabbage...  Actually, I could just go on and on...oh the lattes, too - fabulous!

Elizabeth M. really captured the spirit of Forte in her review so I won't repeat, but I agree with everything she's written.  And after reading Adam's review, I am thrilled that he won't be at Forte when I go tonight!!

I am so glad we discovered Forte.  It is our favorite place BY FAR to just go hang out and casually enjoy a delicious meal.
I've been to Forte three times now and have not had a bad experience.  Here's the deal though, going to Forte is a different cultural experience and is not going to be comfortable for people who are expecting an Americanized Eastern European restaurant.

What I like about this place is the great, very European vibe it has - pulled together, comfortable, eclectic, loungy.  This place is very versatile with an ample porch, a great bar (I will say the bar stools are not great.) and a dining room with a variety of tables.  The walls are covered with a variety of odd and, lets say, eclectic art that would make any hipster coffee shop proud.

I find the staff pleasant and helpful and always willing to give you a recommendation from a menu that is unfamiliar to most.

The food is very comfortable and, to my taste, good.  Things Americans will perhaps know include Beef Stroganoff, Kebabs, and Hungarian Goulash.  Things less familiar will be Plov, a dish of rice cooked with meat and carrots, and Katchapourri, a bread bowl with cheese and an egg.  

The thing that gives this place the 4 stars, along with the atmosphere, is the bar.  On tap, they have Pilsner Urquell, Stella Artois, Sam Adams Seasonal, and Blue Moon for beers and a variety of Russian and others in bottle.  The bar is extensive and all is quality - I don't think I've seen a mid-range bar without plastic-bottled well liquors or even lower-end standards, such as Jim Beam and Wild Turkey.  Also, at Forte, they macerate a variety of fruits in vodka and brandy, and they are great!  I particularly like the Sour Cherry Vodka and the Gypsy Concentrate.

One final note is the pricing, which is great!  My last bill included two appetizers and two entrees, a draft, two double Knob Creeks, and four Sour Cherry Vodkas (full rocks glasses with ice) for a total with tip of $55.  As much as I love Herbs and Rye and Nora's, the same bill would have been doubled.

So, if you're interested in a really good, pretty authentic Eastern European bar/lounge/coffee shop/dining experience, go to Forte.
We decided to have a late night appetizer so we decided to stop into this establishment.  Upon entry we were welcomed by a sweet hostess and friendly waiter.  They have a great variety of dishes to choose from, but we selected a few.  We tried: 

MIxed Tapas Plate
Pitcher of Sangria
Stuffed Grape Leaves
Chicken Shich Kabob
and for dessert...
Tiramisu with Baileys coffee easy whip ;)

I thought the Mixed Tapas plate was mediocre and not as exciting as the establishment's environment.  The tasty kabobs, flavorful grape leaves and striking sangria definitely made up for it.  I would go back to try other items on the menu, but would definitely order the sangria and grape leaves again!
I really can't say there wasn't a thing I tried that I didn't like. We had a group so we were able to sample alot of dishes.
Cute small restaurant with bar area and outside seating, interesting artwork on the wall, and mismatched chairs adds to the charm.
Staff was helpful, the place was pretty empty so we got good attention.
Alot of us started with a Rose nectar juice vodka, it was light, and strong. We all sucked those down. A few others got sangria or wine.

We got complimentary bread with oil and vinegar, the bread was great, airy and chewy, crisp on the outside.
A  vegetarian friend got the Shopska Salad and she loved it, it was smothered in feta!
We got the Mixed Charcuterie Plate, which was different salami, pepperonis and such. Not worth the price.
The Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates, Wrapped In Bacon were Yummy with a capital Y!
We tried the Adjarski Khachapurri upon recommendations of a fellow Yelper, The bread was hot, it magically cooked the raw egg before our eyes. Delicious!
Beef Stroganoff over rice, I'm used to it with noodles but this version was okay, maybe a bit salty, but good.
Pelmeni, beef dumpling, it was okay, the meat was very peppery, which turned me off, very doughy but done nicely.
Blini W/Meat was good, a bit on the plain side.
Vareniki with Potato, reminded me of a pierogi, which I grew up on, very good rendition.
We dared to try the Stuffed Squid In Its Own Ink, it was good, tender, had a salty briney taste, I was pleasantly suprised.
The owner was nice enough to throw in complimentary pastries at the end. They were light twisted puff pastries with red jelly inside sprinkled with powdered sugar. Thank You! They were perfect.

I'd love to go back and try something else, most of what I sampled I grew up eating(except the squid), so I felt right at home.
Be warned - their online menu is not accurate and probably half of those things are not available anymore.  This was really disappointing to me.

I was part of April's party and she clearly paid more attention than I did so I'll just add my 2 cents.  We tried this place based on a recommendation from my Russian realtor.  

I tried the stroganoff and it was ok - not the best I've ever had but it wasn't bad.  Oh - and the rose nectar vodka - that stuff was good but man it packed a punch.  

I tried some sort of dumpling thing (what April mentioned, I think) and it was *really* good.  I wish I had ordered one of those just for me.  I tried the bread side dish (the description was similar to bruschetta) but it was boring and overpriced.  

That dessert plate the waitress brought with the pastries was excellent.  Those alone are reason to go back.  

The decor is weird - it looks like a bunch of tables taken from peoples dining rooms.  And the artwork is really weird too.

Overall I liked this place.  Its laid back and has current music playing in the background.  If you're looking for upscale this is not the place to go.  If you're looking to hang out and have some good food its worth a try.
WOW! what a fantastic night with friends spent exploring the foreign tastes of eastern Europe. A typical Russian feast, first satisfy your thirst, three rounds of Gypsy juice (house infused vodka w/ secret ingredients) and 16oz bottles of Bulgarian lager did just the trick. We ordered practically the entire menu, so I will inform you of only the most cherished dishes from the evening. Selyodka (salty fish with mash and a pickle), Squid in its own ink over rice, Bilini (crepe stuffed with meat), Pelmeni (meat dumplings best with sour cream). Needless to say it was a party, the only downside to Bar Forte is that you can smoke inside. I really cant stand smelling smoke when I eat, but if you get drunk enough you wont even notice.
Another tip from the safety girl.  You need to walk through the patio to get into this place.  The patio is too crowded with tables and umbrellas and you will need to step over the base of a very large umbrella to get across the patio and into the restaurant.  Be careful not to trip!

Ok, now that we have our safety tip out of the way, onto the restaurant.  There's a small bar towards the back with old school video poker machines along the wall.  Not at the bar.  It's more like the video poker set up you would see in a grocery store.  Lots of smokers in this area.  Interesting music videos on the TV screens.  Don't expect sports here.

We came on a Friday night and there was one waitress so service was pretty slow.

We tried the mixed tapas plate, which was just olives, garlic cloves, cheese, salumi, and bread.  Nothing exciting.

The Thracian with Lukanka was to die for.  Sausage, feta cheese, vegetables all cooked in a clay pot.  We had to ask for more bread to go with it and it took a while, but once we could dig in it was pretty good!

The blini with meat was also pretty good.  It's a thin crepe with ground beef served with sour cream.  Simple but good.  

The portion sizes are big enough to share but small enough so you can try multiple dishes.  

I liked most of the dishes but it took forever to eat here and I'm not grasping the ambience.  Maybe I am not European enough but, then again, I'm pretty sure grocery store video poker machines are not European. Still, looking forward to giving it another try.
I was somewhat surprised to discover on entering that the interior was Spartan and more reminiscent of a biker bar than a fine dining establishment. Our waitress turned out to be very informative and helped guide us through the menu.  We ordered Adjarski Khachapurri, Selska Ljutika, kiufte (sausage), Hungarian Goulash and a biscuit cake.  

For those who have not been to Bulgaria or Russia recently, Adjarski Khachapurri is a boat shaped loaf of bread served directly from the oven with cheese and a cracked egg that are cooked and mixed together tableside.  The Selska ljutika is a refreshing salad of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and peppers tossed in olive oil.  The Hungarian goulash over mashed potatoes was excellent, but took second place to the biscuit cake which is described in the menu as a liqueur dipped honey tea biscuit layered with creamy mascarpone, decadent espresso and chocolate

The rating is closer to 3.5 than 4.
what a cool place. food is amazing, really delicious!! house infused vodkas.. what can i say? the best vodka I've ever tried, and I'm Russian, I do know whats good :)) Anyways, i live in LA, but everytime I'm in Vegas, this is the place where I meet with all my friends! Love this Bar/Restaurant!!
Forte is called "Forte" because that's exactly what their food is filled with - strength. They're a strong restaurant. To hold their fort down, outside of the restaurant are heavy-duty patio furnishings and a green metal gate with two different entrances. Just hop right in whichever side, left or right, and open the darkly tinted door. 

A server, Robert, greeted us and told us to choose a seat anywhere. There were candles to light the dining room. There was one other group that we saw and they were chatting in Russian. 

Apparently, the dining room is split in half and there are other dining tables further back and to the left side of the restaurant because the server went back there several times with food and drink.

I highly recommend trying the Selyodka, Adjarski Khachapurri, Thracian Cheese Clay Pot, and their Pelmeni Dumplings.

Selyodka: definitely fish and potatoes done right with some olive oil, dill and great pairing of flavors that really wow you

Adjarski Khachapurri: Refer to Frank W.'s review for a description. It's a great description. This one was delicious and the bread just sensational

Thracian Cheese Clay Pot: brimming with seasoning, but not overwhelming. So delicious

Pelmeni Dumplings: European jiaozi... mmm...

Very European vibe... food was excellent. I will definitely be back again!
Went here for a quick lunch a few weeks ago.  Food was very good, cool atmosphere.  It was my first time in a tapas restaurant and I'm eager to check out some of the others around town.  I'd go back to Forte anytime.
Utterly delicious. Had the chorizo con vino, almond stuffed dates,  herring and potatoes, jamon Serrano y Quezo, a few of the different dumplings, stuffed squid in its ink, stuffed grape leaves, these had a dill yogurt that I finished with the hot crusty bread, mixed spanish olives, and finished with a deliciously flaky baklava. Great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the food. Try the infused vodkas in the strange jars. Try the gypsy juice!

A bit divey but very cool
I love this place! The inside decor is so fun. And we decided to be adventurous and explore the Bulgarian food. We were intrigued and delighted with the various dishes we ordered.
The owner also has an Eastern European charcuterie and the meats and sausages were obviously high quality and worth exploring.
re: complaints of smoking, yes, there was a table of women chain smoking. They were far enough away to not bother us and my BF is very smoke sensitive. Not sure why they are allowing smoking when it's now illegal in restaurants.

You can tell the owners put their hearts into this restaurant.
Really cool little European infused restaurant and bar. A rare gem in LV. Decor is so fun, gypsy juice is delicious, and a great environment for small and large parties alike.
After reading about this fun new tapas place I convinced my finicky French fiancé to try it out, it took a lot of persuasion, but finding a new place that is open until 3 would be perfect for me and my friends because we work so late. Well this isn't the place to go because at 12:30 on a Saturday the week Forte was reviewed and recommended in seven magazine, they were closed. No sign, no notice just a waitress behind locked doors trying her best to ignore us. So we went to a chain restaurant, one that we knew would honor their hours. Boo on you Forte boo on you.
I have been going here since it has been open.  I love the atmosphere here and the food is very good and authentic.  My fiance is from Russia and agrees the food is very good.  It is nice to see many Eastern Europeans here at the place.  A big plus is they put on UFC fights for free!!!!  Nina the owner is very nice and awesome.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who desires a small, great Eastern European place.
The place gets 1 star for several reasons, most of all for trying to serve crap under the guise of freshly prepared tapas. One such example is their so called spanish tuna which they get from the can and afterwards add some sliced tomatoes and serve it to customers. I come from a cultural background where many of those eastern European dishes are common in our household so I know what those things ought to taste like, I cant say they were terrible but it was definitely not worth the price. Also having gone to Barcelona myself their so called jamon iberico was just another sliced up pork and nothing like the iberico from Spain. The squid stuffed with its ink came semi warm and had a nasty fish taste to it rather than what they make you believe. a combination of bad food, bad service, trying to make you believe that their food is something it's not (dishonesty) gets this place the 1 star review. It's no wonder that we were the one of two tables occupied in the whole place. Stick with firefly and your will be a lot more happier.
Checked this place out after seeing it on DDD on Food TV. It's legit. Excellent food. Friendly homey atmosphere with cool art and lively music. The Thracian Clay pot was awesome!  The sausages were as good as they looked on TV.
Horrible service and experience. After being ignored for thirty minutes I had to tackle down a waitress. This waitress (short blonde hair) didn't write down our order therefore they  would walk table to table with plates of food asking if it was our order. 30 minutes later we finally got out clay pot and it tasted gross as if it sat out for 2 days. We asked for our bill since the other half of our order wasn't ready. So we left and went to Bachi Burger.
1) just go!
On the whole, this restaurant does give a new patron a great slice of  European cuisine and it is worth noting that if you've never been here before that you should try it out because most of the food as it is now is delicious, but having been here in the past and knowing what these foods really were has really soured my experience.

It's been a long time since I had been back to this place since its first inception. Back then this place was one of the only occupied storefronts in a dead strip mall. This place had a menu that was meat and cheese heavy and showcased a wide assortment of Eastern Bloc varieties.

The appeal of this place in addition to the great food was the tell tale sign of a great hole in the wall joint: Authentic European food, sketchy European groups of men and women engaging in non-English conversation and a woman running the show who knew what was good and made sure you ate it.

The most notable things were:

Shopska salad
-It has the creamiest Bulgarian feta cheese. Don't mistake this feta for Greek feta. This is incredible.

Cevape
-Homemade fat finger sized sausages served with lepina, a type of yeasty flatbread.

Artisian Charcuterie Plate/Cheese Plate
-These 2 are definite musts for light eating and drinks

Leskovacka pljeskavica
-similar to the cevape in flavor but served like an over sized burger

There were also a few kabob-like meats and a few other sausages similar to the cevape that were so delicious.

So why the poor rating? Mostly due to the fact that what I described is what I was hoping to find on this most recent visit today.

Our waiter informed us that he was brand new and didn't know much of the menu or the wine selection. He also pointed out on each trip back to our table that nobody was assisting him as he was learning. I'll point out here that for whatever reason he was not our waiter by the end of our meal.

We got the Beef Stroganoff Ragu, Thracian Clay Pot, Chicken Soup, Chebureki, Bacon wrapped dates and the Beef and Lamb Confit. We were really interested in the Thracian Clay Pot as it was recently featured on a Food Network show.

The Stroganoff was ladled over wild mushroom plemeni, a kind of Russian tortellini. This stroganoff had a lot of creamy goodness but was completely lacking the meat.

I'll get to the Thracian Clay Pot shortly. The Chicken Soup was desired by my kids ages 8 and 6, as well as the bacon wrapped dates. The chicken soup was quite chunky with big chicken flavor. The first round of dates looked like they spent about 1 minute too long in the pan where one side was cooked good the other burnt. We were informed that the cook likes to cook it that way to which our reply was, "Please give us unburned bacon wrapped dates." They were very good about getting this order back after the rest of our items had come out.

The Chebureki was akin to a samosa where it is a flattened dough item filled with something and deep fried in this case, a delicious meat filling and topped with some dill and chopped scallions. Fairly standard in flavor and not served with any type of dipping sauce.

The Beef and Lamb Confit was tender and tasty served atop a small scoop of a dill and scallion rice. While this was tasty it was not a distinct one. My son said, "Is this corned beef?" And you know what? He was right. It did taste a lot like the type of corned beef I'd find in a chunky hash at Hash House a go-go. But that's for another review.

So now back to the Thracian Clay Pot. It would seem that during the shuffling of waiters for our table, either our waiter put in this order incorrectly or it was given to another table because we didn't get it during the course of them bringing the rest of our order. When we questioned why the long wait, we were told that it takes a while. We didn't get it after an hour after initially ordering and 30 minutes after reordering it. So I can't tell you how melty and delicious it looked and how it would taste, but the table next to us seemed to really enjoy it.

I'm not a vodka drinker so please read the other ratings for their extensive vodka menu.

This still doesn't really warrant the low rating based on the food. Where it really lacked was the overall experience now versus where it was. This place used to have people who knew the food, wasn't afraid to give locals some food they couldn't pronounce and keep true to themselves. Now, there are waitstaff that don't know the product and don't make you feel excited about their food.

If your looking for something new in Vegas and haven't been, your experience will most likely be 4-5 stars. It is not something that you will find anywhere else and that makes it unique. You will not have the displeasure of seeing a restaurant jump the shark.
5 Stars on Food. -- come here when its empty for a great meal.
2 Stars on Service -- if its crowded, or a line in front of you, walk away and come back another day.

Being of Eastern European descent, I'll try anyplace that serves borscht, sausage and pirogi, no matter what their language calls it.  We saw Forte on DDD and their Thracian Pot and Mixed Grill platters were a calling to enjoy.

Ate here on a Saturday night.  Their website suggests reservations which, if you want service, I'd recommend.  There were seven of us and we each ordered different plates, all cooked so well.  Everything was perfectly seasoned.  I think Forte put "Tapas" in their name because this place serves your food like its in Europe, which means that your food comes to the table as its prepared -- its not like in the US where every order comes at the same time.  We had some main dishes before appetizers but most all of it came out promptly and we were all allowed to share each others plates.

The Borscht was basic and tasty.  Like at a food court in Moscow.
The dolmas were great -- it reminded me that we haven't made any since our grape leaf sister-in-law ripped out her plant.
The lamb and beef confit were great.
Ask for a carafe of water at the table because service is slow when it gets crowded.
Feta fries were excellent.  Made us think of the last place that we loved feta fries and we still can't remember its name.
The Thracian Pot was excellent
The pirogies, although they're called something else in Cyrillic, were great.
The stuffed meat deep fried turnovers were okay -- could use some more meat in them.  The meat was seasoned and tasty, just could use a little more meat.
The Beef Stroganoff was very very good.  Its something I'll try to recreate at home.  Their sauce was so intense in flavor.  I'll get this again.

I can't think of anything that we didn't enjoy eating.  Unfortunately, they have some problems -- it appears no one want to be a server.  We watched as table after table of people would just get up and walk away -- leave.  They would be seated, and after about 15 minutes of not being waited on, just leave.  All the while, 3 people are behind the bar just hanging out, pouring some drinks but hanging out.  Maybe the waitress's called in sick that day, but I counted about 16 people get up and leave.  That's money walking and never coming back.  I also saw the people next to us sit for a good 30 minutes before being waited on, and then 10 minutes later for some bread, a draft beer and a soda.   Its quite sad because the food is great, but the staff is scaring away the income.
By the way, after everybody in our party of 7 were fed and full, I was still waiting for my mixed grill.  It was about the time where I was deciding whether to just stop by a fast-food on the way home or put out the wait that our server asked if we wanted anything else.  I told her I hadn't had my plate yet.  Another 15 minutes later, it came.  Great plate - 3 kinds of sausage, some cold white bean salad that's not slimy or vinegary, and a red pepper/tomato whip -- I forget the name.  The sausages are all great to try as each has their own flavor and texture.  I was glad I waited.    Next time I'm here, I'm going for the Stroganoff, probably the Borscht again, and perhaps something else.  If I don't have a waitress next time, I'm just ordering at the bar like in Europe.  maybe that's the gig.
Yes, I saw this on DDD.  Yes, I'm slightly embarrassed about that.  However, I'm more ashamed of the fact that this place is walking distance from my house, and it took my tragic Food Network addiction to draw my attention to it!

First things first...this place is pretty small.  There aren't a lot of tables, and the bar takes up much of the main entrance.  There is outdoor seating, but given that this is summertime in Vegas, and the restaurant faces westward, it's way too hot to sit out in the evening.  

Second thing - if you, like me, are vertically challenged, I highly recommend getting a seat in the restaurant area.  My group had a table in the bar area at first, and the chair was so high I actually had trouble getting on and off.  Comfy once I was up there though!

Service wise...this place was fine.  Our waitress was nice enough, but it didn't seem like she got our group's sense of humor.  She was efficient, but not overly friendly.  It was pretty busy, but we got everything we ordered in a reasonable turnaround time, so I had no issues with service.

The drinks were awesome.  I had the gypsytini to start the night, and although it's a "house secret" blend that my waitress couldn't describe, what I ended up with was a vodka martini that was lightly tart and fruity.  Very refreshing and tasty.  Another friend had the Ginger Lemonade cocktail, and the addition of fresh herbs like rosemary gave it a wonderful flavor.

We ordered a pretty decent array of food for our group.  It's hard to mess up almond-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates, so those were a fab way to start the night.  I ordered the varenikis, and I was a big fan of the fried onion topping.  The dumplings themselves were slightly cold, but it seemed like that had more to do with the sour cream juice (sorry for the lack of a more appetizing descriptor) cooling them down on the plate.  My buddy who hates onions actually loved the onions on this dish.

I grew up with a mom and grandmother who made goulash on a regular basis, and Forte's version was almost on par with my preferred version.  The chorizo we ordered was pleasantly smoky, but not as spicy as I would have liked.

One of my less adventurous friends actually ordered the adjarski khachapurri, which is finished table side by the server, who breaks the egg yolk and stirs it around to made a sort of custard spread for the bread boat.  Although he wasn't sure about it at first bite, by the time we looked up we had eaten the whole thing!  It was addictive and delicious, so definitely try it out.

All told we had six people, five of us with at least a couple drinks, and we ended up with a total bill of about $100 including food.  Not a bad price, and we'll definitely hit up this hole-in-the-wall next time we want something a little off the beaten path.
I wish I could give a higher review but my dinning experience just was not very good. I love this kind of food but the entire experience was way off. The chicken soup was tasteless, the chorizo was not very spicy and the sauce was like warmed red wine. None of the hot dishes ordered were hot, and several were way salty. The staff were like zombies, they were nice but going through the motions. It really felt like we picked an off night. I will try again as I always like to give a place a fair chance but I will not run back. Oh quick note ... I am not a big sangria fan but they served a vey tasty Sangria and a very tasty mojito.
I learned about this place from Desert Companion (KNPR's magazine). Tried it out with the bf on a Thursday night (around 9pm) and we're still talking about it. 

Ordered:
Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic, wine, olive oil)
Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta (marinate baby squid in ink over rice)
Beef and Lamb Confit
Vareniki (potato + onion dumplings)
Adjarski Khachapurri (soft bread boat filled with cheese + egg)
Tolumba (fried dough bathed in honey)
Ginger Lemonade (like a gingery mojito with a hint of rosemary)

All the dishes were standard tapas portions (except that bread boat) and completely delicious. I'm lactose intolerant and not a big fan of meat. Despite that, there were still plenty of items for me, plus some mighty tasty drinks. I couldn't eat the Adjarski Khachapurri because of the cheese, but judging from the single crumb left by my bf, it was pretty good.

We sat outside at roomy, slightly wobbly tables. Ice water was brought without us asking, service was consistently good, as are prices. The only downer was the cigarette ash that was left on our table when the hostess took the ashtray away. Nobody came to clean it off so we shifted to the next table.

We'll definitely be back to try everything that we didn't get around to trying the first time.
I really wanted to like Forte more than I did. I went in optimistic and came out kind of disappointed. 

Part of it was just bad luck. My wife ordered a diet coke and got light brown water because the fountain was down and the server hadn't noticed. She instead ordered a mango juice only to find that they were out. So she had a peach juice instead, which was good but tasted a little bit too much like canned peaches for my tastes. I ordered a mojito. It was plenty strong, but the bartender didn't use enough sugar and the mint was pretty obviously on its way out. I also don't think it got much of a muddle, if any.

The first thing they bring out foodwise is their house-made bread, which was nice and flavorful, especially dipped in the olive oil which is fruity and fragrant. There is a little wooden boat with herbs for the oil, only we weren't provided a spoon so it was difficult to use it. Not a big deal. We managed.

We ordered the pelmeni, vareniki, serrano and manchego, and garlic herb fries. The fries were tasty and they brought plenty of them, so if you're looking for filler it's a good bet. The garlic could have been a little stronger, but I'm kind of a garlic fiend so take that with a grain of salt. The pelmeni were juicy and delicious and the dumpling wrappers had bite and weren't waterlogged. The manchego and serrano was good, but I would have appreciated the ham being cut into pieces so we didn't have to hack the thing up every time we wanted some. It came with some alcaparrones (caperberries) that added some vinegar contrast to what is otherwise a fatty/salty dish.

The vareniki themselves were tasty, but the fried onions that came on top weren't fried - they were burnt. Instead of deliciously caramelized onions, I got black chunks of carbon with some residual onion flavor. Since the vareniki have a delicate flavor on their own, it overpowered the dumplings and killed the dish.

One other thing: the seating is mostly low cafe tables, so you end up kind of hunching over to get at your food. I think we'd have enjoyed it more sitting at one of the tall bar tables or even at the bar itself.

We're going to give the place another shot, because I don't think anyone should rule out a restaurant based on one experience, but this one wasn't entirely positive.
Absolutely amazing food! I am always the one to try something different and this was a great pick. 

Servers were wonderful, fast and attentive.

Food was amazing! We ordered Olive sampler, Borsht, Hungarian Goulash, Stuffed Peppers and the Thracian Clay Pot. EVERYTHING was superbly prepared. I will definitely be going back.
Very comforting yet different foods.  I went with a friend and had a daily special.  Egg, meat and potatoes were baked and paired with tomatoes in oil.  I had the Uzbekistan rice as well.  My friend got the grilled meats.  Everything tasted fantastic.  The meats were cooked perfectly, not dry like other places.  My dish was very homey.  I also loved the atmosphere, just as the chalkboard wall with Guy Fieri's signature.  Very cool place.
Not bad.  Quite interesting as they aren't the usual tapas.  Some very unique european influences.  I say it is good but with the other amazing tapas restos in the valley (maybe just cause i've had sangria at all the others and stayed dry here).  Worth checking out and the vibe is fun, but really could get better flavors for my personal pallette at elements, firefly, or barcelona.  Still you might find a unique favorite on their menu if u are willing to try!
My husband and I went to Forte because my parents saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and my dad literally pestered me for MONTHS about eating there.

We ordered sangria, some beef dumpling thingy (pelmeni), the bread with cheese and egg in the middle, the thracian clay pot and stuffed dates. The pelmeni and cheesy-bread thing were kind of bland. The clay pot was flavorful, with yummy sausage, and I think I would get it again. The stuffed dates were the only food we ordered from the Spanish tapas side of the menu and they were good but almost overpoweringly sweet (Firefly's are better!).

Service was ok; sometimes it was hard to flag someone down when we needed something. My husband greatly enjoyed the propaganda posters in the bathroom.
Saw this place on DDD on food channel while ago and finally had a chance to go there. Food was really really good! We tried octopus, bacon wrapped dates, boat shaped bread with picketed (not sour)cheese, and deep fried meat dumplings. We specially loved bacon wrapped dates (i don't even like dates!)and boat shaped bread ( ahhhhh, with that runny egg york makes it even tastier! ). Service was very attentive and friendly. Only if we didn't plan big dinner that night, we would have ordered a lot more food to try. I will go back there.
While searching on Yelp* for our weekly "food adventure" with my girlfriend, we came across Forte mainly because the Spain/Bulgaria description intrigued us!  

Located in a strip mall, Forte Tapas R & B has an unassuming exterior but boasts a mixture of Spanish/Eastern European kitsch that's not offensive to the eyes.  It offers indoor and outdoor seating but during our visit we opted for indoor to take in the ambiance of the decor.  (We would've sat outside  but during our visit, there was a food truck gathering that was blaring out really bad hip hop music.  That and the temperature was a million degrees that August 25th evening!)

We were seated promptly and our waitress take our drink order.  My girlfriend and I shared the Bulgarian beer called "Zagorka", which was  light and clean tasting with no lingering aftertaste.

We order the standard Almond Stuffed Dates, which was tasty.  Unless you are incompetent, you really can't screw up this easy dish!  My girlfriend orders the Lentil Soup, which she found to be very flavorful and earthy as lentils are by nature.  She also orders the Beef Stroganoff Ragu to round out her meal, which was very light and not overly cloying and rich as cream based meals tend to be.  

I ordered the Stuffed Baby Squid in Ink over Spanish Herbed Rice (Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta) for myself.  After watching "Bizzare Foods" I was always on the hunt for a restaurant that served mollusks marinated in its own ink.  All I can say is, "Wow!"  Do yourselves a favor, gentle readers and try this dish!  You may thank me later!  I also order the Chorizo simmered in Red Wine (Chorizo con Vino), which was good but left a somewhat oily aftertaste.  

Service was very attentive and knowledgeable when asked about the menu and establishment.  Our water glasses were never empty and the wait staff were quick and prompt and also took the time to chat with us, asking us how we liked the food.

I highly recommend this restaurant, especially when our bill came out to less than $55, minus the tip.  This place is a great alternative to FireFly if one finds that venue to be too crowded and loud.
I do not claim to be an expert on Eastern European Food or anything close.  We tried several items including all the ones that the menu recommended with their little icon.  In the end they were all edible...filled our stomachs...provided for some nice conversation pieces...but didn't leave anyone in our group wanting to run back anytime soon.

I would have shelled out 2 stars on the food alone.  The thing is though that even though Forte is trying a little too hard to be cool and inviting, they are doing a better job with their atmosphere than a lot of places around.

The drinks from the bar are A-OK as well.  I went a little safe with a Moscow Mule and I could enjoy one or two again sometime if I ever found myself here again.
You may consider me an expert. I can kill a person for a bowl of good borsht. I know that there are numerous variations of the recipe. The most disgusting version I had at Forte. Please never order it there. The person who prepared it should go straight to culinary hell. 

Borsht is not a bowl of roughly chopped crunchy vegetables lacking any taste or  flavour including salt. 

My second choice was Hungarian Goulash. Although I am not an expert on this I am capable to figure out that this dish should be not what I got: old starchy mashed potatoes covered with the sauce way too spicy for a goulash (think Indian or Thai level) with 5 tiny pieces of meat. 

I guess the waitress may have known that she is serving food not suitable for human consumption and therefore has never asked how was it. 

I am glad I didn't invite my friends to experience Easter European food at this place. I would be really embarrassed.
located in a strip mall this small funky place has some interesting food. Well made, fresh ingredients make Forte a place we will certainly go back to. Live music, great people make it even better!
Atmosphere, service, and taste add up to an experience that makes for a full dining experience. 

I was initially overwhelmed when I walked through the door. The space is plastered with posters of music artist, propaganda pieces, and a hodge podge of colorful artwork. The dimly lit room tames everything down, but also makes it look like a dive bar. The elongated dining area is spaced out with a total of maybe 10 tables. A few stools line the bar and a few tables are located in the front as well. During the winter months, those tables near the entrance will not be so enticing with the constant opening and closing of the door.

Our server, Elliot, was pleasant. Although he was taking care of the entire back area, he was able to control the pace. 

Our drinks took some time to come out, but with two people working the whole front of the house it is to be expected. The cocktails are not as balanced as I would like. I got the ginger lemonade and liked the spiciness of the ginger infused vodka. The citrus and sweetness was almost too much. It was as if all of these components were fighting for supremacy. 

The food was solid. The bread boat stuffed with cheese and a raw egg, adjarski khachapurri, was the it dish to try. The only thing we heard about from the tables around us was this dish was featured in Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. When Elliot presented it, we were impressed by how hot the content was. The center of the boat is hot enough to cook the egg when mixed with a fork. Tearing into this beauty with a light sprinkling of seasoning from the complementary bread was divine. Another dish worth trying is the beef and lamb confit served on a bed of rice. The starch is mixed with dried fruit, whole roasted garlic cloves, and herbs. We had also ordered the bacon wrapped dates because it is a staple when ordering tapas. Unfortunately they were not a hit. I did enjoy the sherry reduction. I ended up dipping the bread in it. Make sure to save room for the biscuit cake. It is prepared like a tiramisu and is ambrosial. I would scale back on the tapas to eat two of these.
I give four stars for the Thracian Clay Pot. YUM!!! My friend told me to order it, and I did, although it isn't something I'd usually order. It is SO GOOD, and occasionally I get a craving for that exact flavor in my mouth. Everything else was very good - I don't remember eating anything that I didn't like! I recommend this place to those looking for something different than their usual. It isn't somewhere I'd go all the time and call a staple, but I definitely see myself going 2-3 times a year. In fact - I can't wait to go back and have some more of that pot!!!
Loved everything ! Had the sausage plate which was out of this world flavor and the beans were incredible! Also had lentil soup which rivaled my own.
My wife and I went last night and Nina (the owner and star on DDD) took good care of us.  We tried all 3 dishes which were featured on the show (Adjarski, Tracian Clay Pot, and Mixed Grille) as well as the almond stuffed dates and the Garlic Fries.  The only thing we didn't have room for was the biscuit cake for dessert. Food was great and lets get to the good stuff, the cocktails.  

Must try the Angry Ginger lemonade with ginger infused vodka.  Also, my wife had the Sangria and she said it was the best she's ever had.  Finally, we tried a taste of Gypsy Juice.  Nina won't tell you whats in it but it is tasty.  All the drinks are very interesting and they even have a Russian beer.

Finally, atmosphere. Dark reds and Eastern European with a lot of interesting stuff to look at.

Overall, it was a small bistro thats easy to miss, but well worth the visit. Be sure to visit a fellow UNLV Rebel...
Had been trying to go to this place since seeing it on DDD, but every time I was in vegas I was unable to make it.  Its in a really weird spot.  Its in a strip mall between a cigarette store and a jewelery repair shop.  The windows are covered up.  Seriously, it looked like it was either closed or a store front for organized crime.  But when I walked in the door the difference is night and day, literally it's kinda dark.
Anyway I had the sausage combo.  I forgot what it was called. Possibly something with a lot of B's and K's.  Brokkfrughen or Krubbbrrnfffyka maybe; I don;t know.  But it was good.  It came with some navy beans and a sauce that I really enjoyed.  i believe it was made from pimentos or something.  Never the less it was delicious.
The service was kinda slow,  One lady seemed to be the bartender hostess and waitress.  I believe she was Russian.  Nyet,  Sorry thats the only Russian I know.  Wait.....Stolnichaya.  I know that too.
Anyway had the food, prices were reasonable and I would go back.  oh and try the Sangria I hear its a good cure for a hangover.
good food but its Americanized Russian/Ukraine food.
DDD was right on point with this place. Great service and atmosphere. Food was really good as well. Tried the Thracian pot and it was just like on TV . I think I'll try this place again soon
I saw this place on triple d and couldn't wait to try it.  Best place I've eatin in a very very long time.  PLEASE never change just continue to grow
Hubby and I have been trying to stop by this place for awhile since seeing it on Triple D.  What a disappointment.  We went on a Saturday and even though the sign said it was open, the restaurant did not open until noon.  Ran errands and returned to some very spotty service.  We had to ask for water refills and the deal breaker is having not bringing both dishes out at the same time.  We'd never been to this place and it would have been nice if the server would have explained what some of the dishes were before just leaving it up to their menu descriptions but she was in somewhat of a hurry since it appeared she was the only server.

Not likely to return but glad we went there to try.  A little pricey for what we got but you live and learn.
Saw this on DDD.  Wow!!! This place is amazing.  Great food, great atmosphere, great price!!!  Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Take a look at their specials as they were quite delicious, decent portions for tapas like portions, and excellent price.  Their Georgian wine was fantastic.  I hope this place stays around for a while.  I am certainly going everytime I comeback to Vegas.
This used to be a go-to place for me, I am sad to say that has changed. They made some changes to the menu and removed a few items I really liked, the belini for one, and the service has just gotten bad. Last 2 times I was there we had a waitress, while very nice, who didn't speak enough English to take our order. When we asked for a single sliced meat she brought us a whole platter, when we reminded her we only asked for one thing she blamed us and told us to be more clear, really?
Just went here for lunch.  SLLOOOW but friendly service, my feeling is they keep a very bare bones staff, at least for lunch that is. Nina herself seated us, ask if we wanted water but never got it.  While does the restaurant just opened at noon, I noticed that not one of the 8 people seated when we got there  had any food or drinks and it was 12:30 pm when we arrived.   It basically took about 10 minutes for the waiter to ask us if we wanted anything to drink, and another 10 to bring us the drinks.  We realized that since we were hungry we better order our food with our drinks. 

We ordered:
Sofiiska baniza- My husband order this, which is filo with cheese...looks lovely, but it didn't look like light layery filo though, more like a bit too doughy.  My husband said it was dense and just "fine". (I don't eat starches.) 

Octopus over rice from the tapas menu.  The octopus was fishy for me, but the rice was nicely cooked, according to my husband. 

Mixed grill- It was very good, one of the sausage links was cooked way more than I like, almost dry, but maybe that is the way it is suppose to be.  Still tasty. The patty seasoning was assertive, but not overpowering.  I liked the red pepper condiment and the onions marinated with mint that come with the mixed grill, it also comes with beans which we didn't eat, but looked appealing.   It really is a good portion size, especially for the price.

Thoracian Clay pot- By this time, we were pretty full, but we loved this and ate it all, but  it reminded me of a great breakfast dish that could easily be made at home, because the little clay pot had sauteed tomato, onions, bell peppers, feta, a few slices of charcuterie, and what probably should be a baked egg with an oozy yolk, but our yolk was cooked through. Still it was delicious. However, that little tasty claypot maybe way too small of a portion to satisfy a very hungry person if this is all one orders.  

You can tell almost everyone in the restaurant that this was their first time.  I guess inspired by DDD.  Yes, sadly and quite embarrassingly, I saw it too and wanted to go.  While I am not above them, I think the "foodie" want-a-bes were pretty annoying...one actually playing the DDD episode on his phone, and two old but very plump ladies asking annoying (stupid) questions to the waiter about the owner and trying to get EXACTLY same menu as on that episode of DDD...as if it was a tasting menu.  

Cool environment though, better if I just want to hang out, relax and have a few drinks at a VEEERRY leisurely pace.  I am glad I gave it a try, but probably won't go back, definitely not for lunch.  

My advice: definitely try this place out, but don't go here for a "quick" lunch on your lunch hour.
In Vegas...this is a good as it gets for great food at AMAZING PRICES. Let me stick with the value comment here....Literally, nothing costs more than $10. If you're tired of the usual hotel eateries and yes there are hundreds of absolutely amazing places in LV, try Forte. I found this place, er should I say my husband found it watching diners drive in's and dives (a show I can't watch but he LOVES) - Paul and I have been to a few of the show's recommendations in L.A. and they weren't bad so I was not adverse to the suggestion of having lunch away from the usual confines of the strip hotels, plus I was excited to bring my girlfriend Zana, who recently moved to town, to a place that served some menu items from her homeland of Serbia. 

We arrive at the restaurant in a fairly large but unassuming strip mall, and walk into the just the cutest place ever. Art on the walls, deep rich colors and a huge beautiful bar and a small cozy dining room. For lunchtime on a holiday week it was crowded enough so that my party of 6 had to wait a few minutes for a table large enough to seat us opened up. The owner was so sweet and nice offering my pre-teen nieces flavored sodas from Spain while we waited and sipped our wine.

Serbian Hamburger....don't knock the name. It was the best thing I had there among amazing stuffed grape leaves, grilled meats, rich chickpea soup and the lamb and beef confit over rice was almost like a jumbalaya. Other good picks are the pan con tomate and this dish that comes in a super hot individual pot that has beef/sausage, tomatos, onions, spices, an amazing broth, cheese and an egg for good measure. It's apparently an very old dish dating back to ancient Greece.

I am soooo going back for dinner next time and will take a taxi and leave the kids so we can take our time and enjoy the wine.
Forte is fun! I love the traditional Euro atmosphere. From the Russian music to the decor, it is a must try!  

We started out with their  "Gypsy Juice" martinis. It's a house secret but I can tell you it's to die for. It's not overly sweetened but it has a blood orange citrus flair. 

For apps:

 we went for the Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta. Stuffed baby squid, marinated and served in their own ink over rice.... They were pretty good, but not my favorite. I would have preferred calamari stuffed with something other than.... calamari. It was basically squid stuffed squid. This is why It's only a 4 of 5 stars 

2. the Mercona Almond Stuffed Dates, wrapped in bacon.. BACON! How can these NOT be good?... DELICIOUS!!

Finally #3-  Beef & lamb confit,  slow cooked, fork tender beef and lamb. I'm a fan!!

Our "Tapas Entree" was their food network famed Thracian clay pot. It's Bulgarian stile Charcuterie (sausage), feta, peppers, tomato and egg. It was fun and really good.
It was Interesting... and decent... but I should of saved my money... I watched Guy give this place raves on TV... I am not sure it's all that... but over all interesting food that was good. :-)
I was visiting this place from Los Angeles. Once I stepped in the place it went all wrong. It isnt walk in dining, there must be a reservation which I found that out after waitibg at the entrance for over ten minutes. There wasnt a welcoming enviornment there at all. Id say it was because I was the only person of color there but thats a stretch. The food im not sure but the service here from my experience was AWFUL
I'm sorry but I have to retract my original review. My husband got food poisoning from their calamari. It was the only thing that we ordered that I didn't eat. I took a small bite but something in me told me I didn't like it. I have a good sense for food quality. 

My husband agreed that it didn't taste like it was bad but the calamari was not hot enough and we think it wasn't stored at proper temperatures. I've been in the food business for years.

Although most of my orginal review was accurate outside of the calamari, I can't get past the fact that my husband was sick for two days because of them. 

NEVER AGAIN.

There are toooooo many upscale restaurants in Vegas to waste time with places like this. They got lucky to land a small feature on the food network.
Had some hits and misses with this place. I always re-order the same thing after some of the "misses". Now it's just shopska salata and Adjarski Kachapurri (spelling may be off). Mixed drinks, I've had better. Wine list, not too shabby. Some of the servers aren't the sharpest knife in the drawer. Service can be a bit slow. It takes forever to get your bill.
I heard this place was small so I was nervous they were not going to be able to accommodate my party of 10 on Sunday night. Luckily, everything worked out perfectly as they seated us at their large family table with benches. I think there was only one other table of customers so we basically had the restaurant to ourselves! Sunday nights must not be a big night for them but we didn't mind.

Regardless, this place is really funky inside. The artwork on the walls, the music, and the vibe offers a fun and offbeat experience. They have a fairly extensive selection of beers, wine, and cocktails. I had the Angry Ginger cocktail which was basically ginger infused vodka in lemonade with muddled mint. It was like a mojito lemonade, but with a ginger kick. Delicious!

We shared two orders of the Georgian bread for the table. This is their famous boat bread with the egg and the cheese in the middle. It was a huge hit! It takes a little longer because it's baked fresh right then and there but once it hit the table, everyone dove in. 

The menu is kind of funky so with a party of ten, we just jumped in and ordered a ton of items. We ordered a few Spanish tapas for the table, then a few entrees to share. Some people ordered soups and salads, etc. Overall, I think we did it the perfect way. There wasn't a morsel of food left over and everyone left satisfied. Not one person was unhappy with the food. It was truly delicious and fresh. They are really doing it right in that kitchen!

I had to order the clay plot specialty after having read all about it on yelp and seeing it on Triple D. Once it arrived, I was surprised - it was really not anything special. I thought it was going to blow me away but almost every other entree was much more of a delight. I would skip it next time. 

Highlights were: Georgian bread, Beef Strogenoff, Pelmeni, Mixed Grill plate.
Man, I am hating to have to give this place only 3 stars, based on food quality and prices, this place is easily 5 stars, but we had some weird service related issues that tipped the scales ...

1. It was hot and stuffy inside the restaurant so we asked our waitress if she could prop open a nearby door. The door was locked but it had a sign on it that read 'Must remain unlocked during business hours' so then our waitress just said 'no that door is locked' and even though we pointed at the sign, she made no attempt to fix the situation, it was pretty rude.

2. After we ate the hostess called us 2 cabs, but only one showed up, and since this restaurant is far off the strip, cabs are essential. So when we tried to go back into the restaurant to arrange another cab, it was locked! They locked us out!!! The restaurant wasn't supposed to close for another hour, sheesh, it was a cold night.

Anyways  ... on to the food:

The grill plate is outstanding, the sausages are dry and firmer that what you may be used to but they are full of flavor. The stroganoff was everyone's favorite, the dumplings were amazing and the sauce of delicious. The claypot was a big disappointment, all the ingredients individually were great but together they did not mesh well.  The egg bread is a must, not because it's so tasty but because it's a unique dish. Overall excellent food, reasonable prices, but sketchy service.
Great authentic food in a world of overpriced tourist chains.  Found it on DDD and will definitely return.  And to top it off, not a single dish or beverage priced over $10!
Learned about this place from watching Guy Fieri on Triple D. This place is def. off the beaten path, but well worth the trip if you have a car while in Vegas. The owner is pretty good looking, and the female server at our table was also strangely hot, in a very European way. 

The menu is full of dishes that I can't and won't even try to pronounce, but I dare say that most meat lovers will like their Mixed Grill. The meat was well seasoned and very tasty. Almost felt like I was in Eastern Europe, but without the death metal heads and bad Jason Bourne Villains. 

The bread dish with the egg cracked right in the middle is good too, for all you carbo lovers out there. Prices are way cheap, making this a great destination for foodies in Vegas. HInt- if you want to know what Guy ordered they have little icons in the shape of his head next the dishes.
FUN! This place is a funky bar with another world feel to it, I feel like I had been transported to Eastern Europe for the night, FUN!! Both the wine and food menu are diverse and interesting with lots of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike.

Note, try the bread with the feta baked into it its AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Been here a couple times. very good every time! First saw it on the food network, Guy Fieri does a episode in Vegas and forte was featured.

The inside is decorated all European with posters and pictures of European things. its average size inside and has a full bar also. The staff and service are always very good. 

Ive tried a lot of things and i can never remember the name because its in bulgarian/ russian / or some other language. My favorite though is the meat platter they have.
Its 3 different types of meats sitting on top of diced onions. Comes with a little tomatoe paste and beans. Very flavorful and delicious.

I would definitely come back to hear for lunch/dinner because its very good.
Try this one , Bulgarian deal was scared but don't be . Great  new seasonings for me. Chicken soup A+ , Cured truffle meats, Good real good. Salads excellent. Nice to find something new, different & simple. Enjoy.
Will not return.  Food was lacking in flavor, as well as being brought to the table in a haphazard way.
This was easily the best meal we had in Las Vegas last weekend!  The drinks were amazing - in presentation, flavor, and inventiveness!  The food was amazing as well - so delicious and fun to share.  The staff was really great - we loved the laid back vibe.  Very European and funky feel.  If I lived here I would eat here all the time!
I have been to three Balkan restaurants here in Las Vegas over the past few months. I have been trying to visit Forte after meeting Chef Nina and sampling her food at a taping of American Chefs but my schedule did not permit.  

Finally last evening my dear friend from Belgrade surprised me with a special treat for my birthday,  dinner at Forte.  No matter your cuisine preference this restaurant offers comfort food executed elegantly with no pretense what so ever.  

The Shopska Salad, best I have ever had the pleasure to eat,  with Persian cucumber, tomato, sweet softened green pepper and Bulgarian feta - a classic and even though one is big enough to share , don't fool yourself you will finish the whole dish.  The stuffed peppers - words cannot describe. Guy Fieri got this one right!

As a bonus the patio, the subtle decor and the warm ambiance, Chef Nina has brought Eastern Europe to Las Vegas - do yourself a favor - get there sooner rather than later! I am looking forward to the caviar and few more Balkan favorites on my next visit. 

KD
This is one of the best finds in las Vegas!   6 of us went to dinner and tried everything on the menu.   The only one we did not like was the pot of food with the egg.   It looked great but the combination was not there.   We would recommend this place everytime.   The second visit was as good as the first.   Very consistent!  Exceptional Food and presentation!
I adore this place!  It's an eclectic cozy spot great for friends and families.  Good food, strong cocktails, toddlers allowed and great conversation, what more could I ask for?  Come in around 6pm on a weekend to get the full vibe of this place and its piped world music.  

They have great house bread served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices (yum), and we've tried most of the tapas, all good.  Our faves are the Spanish blue cheese (queso picon), the khachapurri (its a cross between bread and croissant with pickled cheese and a cracked egg), and you can try the chorizos as well (check out my food shots). My husband loves their Serbian burger... it's a tasty patty with buns, sour cream and diced cucumbers. If the place is packed, you have to be patient with the food service.  

Our bill for bread, 7 tapas and 5 strong cocktails was $95, good for 3-4 people.  We will definitely frequent this joint, so happy it's in our area!
Everything on this menu is out of this world. Please get the biscuit cake - you won't be sorry! The ambience is great. There is a steady soundtrack of electro pop to get you grooving. It was on Diners Drive ins and Dives for a reason!
I love everything about this place except their slow service, which is why I'm only giving it a 3 star.  Their food truly is exceptional, but their service need some improvement.  I've been here a few times, even at nights less busy, and have always gotten the same service.  Slow and inattentive staff.
I was asked if is like to sit at the bar and I did. The bar is very uncomfortable so I moved to a high top table nearby. I sat for 20 minutes with no menu or anything. Both servers walked past numerous times without even looking my direction. There were only four or five other tables in the place.

I have been a server and can overlook a lot of things, but this was unacceptable. I finally left and as I walked past the host/server at the front, she said nothing.  I'm sad because the online menu looked excellent, but I am so peeved at the service that I don't think I will ever return.

Forte needs to learn how to treat a customer!  Also,I would have given it zero stars if yelp would let me. Stay away!
I heard good things about this place and they were true.  Cool ambience (if you don't mind some old school propaganda) and all the food I had was very tasty.  Good, authentic Eastern European tapas and some of your normal Spanish style tapas fare.  Fair prices.  Highly recommended.
Great spot to get off the Strip and unwind.  Menu is unique, food was very good and the atmosphere was like a good massage.
Went to Forte on a Girls night out.  amazing little gem hidden in Vegas!! 
I am a big fan of small restaurants that have an amazing menu! 
From the fries loaded with fresh herbs and shaved Feta cheese to the Beef Stroganoff.
Drinks? OMG.......Delicious!!  We all had one called Jackass, its a take on the Moscow Mule and  we all loved it !!!
Serve in a Cooper keg cup   this was a mixed drink of Ginger Beer, vodka and Limes. 
Fantastic!!
I took my wife and mom here for mothers day as I saw this in a book of top 100 restaurants and mom love beef stroganov which they serve.  

I tried to order a wine, they did not have it.  I tried to order another wine, they did not have that one.  Third time was the charm.

I like the lamb confetti ap, very good.  My goulash was not really hot when served.  I had a soup with pickled meat that was interesting and tasty.

The honey cake for desert was tasty.  

I would go back if in the area, but this will not be a regular place I visit.

My service experience was good.
Great tasting food and service was prompt and friendly.  Hip new place with great music and late-night theme.  The Forte Fries is a must.
Overall A
Food A
Atmosphere A
Service A
Pluses: Nice Music
Minuses: None
Had the Beef and Lamb Confit, wow the flavors in this dish were a nice suprise. Next had the Mediterrean Salad, full of mint, tomatoes, cucumbers, spanish olives and basil. Also powerful flavors in the best way possible. Next had the Gambas shrimp sauted in garlic and wine, olives and lemon. yummo. Bread served with your meal was fresh, light and lovely. Washed it down with a Sangria Forte and for dessert a shot of Rum. Unique Russian food at affordable price.
Have had the pleasure of enjoying Fortes food many times in the past two years but just writing about it now. Lastnight, came in with wife and baby. Great atmosphere and food came up very fast. Happy to report that all the changes since the last visit have only improved forte to a whole new level. I feel as if it's a place to go if you are in the industry after work, or even as a causal guest. There is something on the menu for everyone and, more importantly, something new for everyone to try. Giving 5 well deserved stars becuase the owner obviously cares about her guests, as she is always there to give a personal touch to the venue. The only thing that I would say that I commented on was the amount of staff working. Just seemed like too many, but maybe they had a party coming in or something. Happy Cooking/Eating!
I love this place. Saw it on the tube and went like several other folks......I've been several times and never been disappointed. First off, I'm the kind of gal that loves dill, pickles, tomatoes, mint, basil, feta cheese,boiled potatoes and so on.....I was married to an eastern european guy for a hot minute and the best thing about the marriage was his Mom's cooking....So needless to say, I'm a fan. Regardless though, I have a good palette and having eaten a fair amount of traditional eastern european food, I do consider myself qualified to give an opinion. Which is why I am so baffled at some of the bad reviews on this site....Seems like maybe folks, both at the restaurant and those writing the reviews might have had a couple of bad days. 

The prices? Awesome. The food? Awesome. The service? Every time I've been there, Awesome. Last time I went in I looked a hot mess having just driven 11 straight hours coming from Wyoming on a Sunday, starving like mad cause the entire state of Utah was closed for church. Which is cool for me, but I share that to say that  the circumstances of my last visit to the bistro were less than ideal. Ratty road trip clothes, hair and face, walking stiff like Frankenstein, and still, they greeted us with a smile and a cool drink. Seated us right way, the place was full, and brought us delectable treats to nom. We had wine, a roy rogers, goulash, salad and some damn good chicken meatballs and potatoes. Bill was $33 bucks. YES! AH love this place. I'll go back forever.
Heard about Forte's from Guy Fieri and I have to say he did not disappoint.  I am always looking for something different and reasonably priced. The food was fantastic.  This was my first visit so I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill which had 3 different types of sausage all made from scratch and delicious.  It came with a white bean salad and a tomato sauce dip.I  rate that dish 10 for 10..
The waitress suggested I try the Vareniki which was a potato dumpling with fried onions and OMG she was right another hit.  Food was soo good I had to bring my room mate home some Beef Stroganoff and Baklava for both of us.  Did I mention the atmosphere and service were great also and we sere surprised with some entertainment also..I will be returning to try other things on the menu... By the way everything was priced reasonably with good portions.
Great food and service.  Very European feel and food was just like my dad used to make.   We'll be back to try more tapas!
I want to be fair to Forte, it was busy and most people seemed to be enjoying their meals so maybe my tastes are not the norm for usual repeat customers but I was not overly impressed with the flavor palate of the food.

But the two stars is about the service, or lack thereof.  We made reservations specifying a birthday, that was ignored as were we for the first 10 minutes after being seated.   Nothing came quickly, no apologies for the slow service and we had to ask for refills to our water 3 times before anyone brought us some.  There was a large birthday celebration just beginning to set up while we were there and MAYBE that threw them off but then be aware of it and apologize to those who got bad service because of it.  I didn't see anyone who could be called a manager there.

Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and the food and recommended her favorites.  She was from Russia and I trust that what we had would have been considered good by those familiar with the food.

The decor is funky but nice, the guy playing the guitar was reserved and nicely in the background but you can't excuse the slow service.   And maybe the food was good just not up to my tastes and I do think I am adventurous.

Maybe the popularity of this place was the mention of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives which I didn't see but they promote their appearance on it a lot.

We won't be going back or recommending it to others.
Our friends are regulars at Forte and we joined them for dinner. On previous visits they have always had a wonderful experience. Also the Yelp reviews are positive and the visit by Diners Drive Ins and Dives was excellent. Our visit was on Saturday July 20th. The place was nearly full and included a large group celebrating a birthday.
The dining room has an Old World comfortable feeling and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. Service was excellent up to the up to the point of placing our dinner order.

Items ordered were Chicken Salad, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Hungarian Goulash and Thracian Clay Pot. While waiting, a glance around the room reveled that very few tables were receiving their food. Our server apologized for the wait and told us that our dinners would be out shortly and the entire meal with cocktails would be complementary. 
We waited one hour for our food.

The Stuffed Grape Leaves were appetizers however we received something else and it was returned and replaced with the correct item. Several other items were not up to our satisfaction. The Hungarian Goulash was over salted and the dish was refused. The Thracian Clay Pot was heavy on the cheese and light on sausage. It did not look like the one made on the Diners Drive Ins and Dives show. There must have been something seriously wrong in the kitchen on the night of our visit. I hope this was an isolated situation that the owners of this authentic European restaurant can correct. 
We would like the mom & pop places to survive.
I've been hearing about this place for some time now and was excited to try it. It's crazy that it took us this long to make it here since it is a stone's throw from our house. We went for lunch and it was pretty empty with only one waitress working. She was attentive but as the place started to fill up she got a bit overwhelmed. The bread they bring is phenomenal and when paired with the oil and spices I felt like I didn't need anything else it was so good. I ordered the Chebureki (Georgian style, deep fried beef dumpling) for us to share; the dumplings were very tasty the beef was very flavorful. They reminded me of an empanada in shape and pastry but the taste was very different. For our main courses I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill (3 sausages) and my bf ordered the Goulash. I liked two of the sausages a lot, the third was ok just not for me sadly I don't know which was which. The beans that are served with the dish are very good if not a bid over oiled, i did not care for the red dipping sauce it is served with. My bf's goulash was very tasty though the serving was small and it was a bit on the salty side. We really liked the atmosphere of the place, there is tons to look at, the discotheque music was terrible and if it weren't for that we probably would have stayed longer. All in all we will certainly be back if for nothing else then to try the yummy looking biscuit cake.
After a long drive (9 hrs), it was refreshing to step into this friendly place.  We were seated very quickly and just as fast had bread with seasoning and dipping sauce to try.. fresh and flavorful... which also goes for the great salad, the bulgarian mixed grill (excellent) and hungarian goulash (ok but not amazing).  the salad was loaded with fresh everything and the feta cheese grated all over it was perfect.  then the biscuit at the end.. I was already stuffed but had to try this dessert which melts in your mouth.. the only thing better would have been coffee with it but it was gone before coffee could have arrived, so order your coffee in advance.  At the end of the meal Nina stopped by.  it was nice to meet her and thank her for the quality she is committed to as she brings old world foods into a modern atmosphere.  Great job of respect for family and tradition while doing something new.   Im already looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so I can come back and bring more friends.
I'm shocked at the few bad reviews I see for this great place.  They mostly seem to be about the service and not the food.  My wife and I had a great experience and the food was fantastic.  My grandparents are Polish and Ukrainian, so I grew up eating some similar foods.  Similar but not the same.  The dishes have a different spice profile and are more delicate.  The food we had was delicious.  The borscht beat my grandmothers.  The pelmeni are tender and so tasty.  We had both the stroganoff and the plain with sour cream and dill.  We had the Thracian clay pot ... yummy.  We also had the Khachapurri which is a bread with a cheese and egg filling.  Also delicious.  They have a nice selection of vodkas, wines and beers too.  Our service was outstanding.  I think she was the owner, but she was friendly knowledgeable and very engaging.  

I highly recommend checking this place out in Las Vegas.  It was better than any meal we have had in the Bellagio I can tell you that.  The final bill of $45 including drinks beats most of prices on the strip as well.
This was our first time at Forte. Initially we were a bit concerned about the food considering the interior design of the place. However, the food was definantly good, the spices were unique and not bland. The interior decor grows on you as you sit back and look at all the newspaper and media clippings on the wall...feels authentic and almost makes you feel like your in another time and place. 
Service was good when we got service...however, i was surprised that they had one individual working the front (serving, ordering, hosting guests)...this caused some interesting service experience. 

For me (im from eastern europe), the food was good enough to surpass all the negatives about this place...i would definantly come back.
This Beautiful Authentic Gem is the best kept secret in Vegas.  The body and mind are lifted the second you walk in the door. The Food is made with integrity and Love. When the food is prepared with this much love, you can taste it in every bite!
Incredible meal and experience!   Bookmarked forever, I finally made it happen with a group because I wanted to try several dishes and needed lots of people.  My best friend from middle and high school came in from Boston for a short weekend visit.  Last year when she visited we went to Komol with Carmin H. and Cole R., and they wanted to join in on our Forte dinner with me and Eric R.  I made reservations for 7:00 and we were seated in the back corner of this artistic and funky restaurant and bar.

I ordered prosecco, Carmin H. and Nithya V. ordered angry ginger lemonade cocktails, Cole R. had a giant dark beer of some sort, and Eric R. got sangria.  We then ordered in waves and the food came out quickly and staggered perfectly.  Our server (Christina or Kristina) was fantastic.  She offered us a bread basket that was replenished upon request, served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices.

The plates were so intricate and pretty, all the way from Bulgaria.  Our first bite was the Shopska salad, with cucumber, tomato, and lots of Bulgarian feta.  Next was the squid stuffed with baby squids cooked in its own ink served on hot rice.  I loved the rice that came with it, a squeeze of lemon...delicious.  The squid itself was more room temperature but definitely tasty and unique.  On our server's recommendation, we ordered potato dumplings with fried onions.  I was shocked to discover that NIthya V. like my husband did not like potatoes!  Two crazy people exist!  Nevertheless, I went with the rec and all 5 of us ate one.  Both potato haters enjoyed these dumplings!!!!  They were scrumptious.

Eric R. ordered one of his fave things, hot meat stuffed grape leaves, also recommended by our grape leaves expert friend Mamie P.  They were very good.  Finally the dreamy bread (kachapuri) came, shaped like a boat filled with cheese, topped with egg, swirled at the table.  I cut this haphazardly into 5 pieces for the table and it was so hot, no wonder the egg cooked on it!  Sooooo good.

After watching Triple D, Nithya V. wanted to try the Thoracian clay pot.  We ordered 2 for the table, one with meat and one without.  I ate the no meat one and it was amazing.  The serrano pepper was legit with it, and I liked the combo of the cooked egg, tomato, peppers, and feta.  This is a must order.  Lastly, one of Eric R.'s favorite dishes came out, beef stroganoff.  We have only had this on egg noodles, so the dumpling/ravioli style made this dish unique.  I could taste liquor in the sauce, which can only be a good thing.

Overall, every bite of food I put in my mouth was tasty, fresh, and unique.  I would absolutely return with a group of friends to try more.  The vibe is funky, the service great, and the food special - you won't find this anywhere else in Vegas.
First time here. Had an anniversary meal with family. Very nice atmosphere and wonderful service. Never had Bulgarian food before so this was a great experience. Drinks are a little pricey but the food is very reasonably priced. The cheese and jelly platter was tasty but small. Main courses were excellent and bountiful. Particularly enjoyed the lamb dish and sausage mixed plate. Definitely worth a trip. Everyone must try the biscuit cake for dessert.
This was unfamiliar cuisine for me but I went with a friend that would help steer me towards foods I'd like. We shared charcuterie and a few other dishes and each tasted different and were excellent. 

Restaurants like Forte created examples of the difference between independent and chain restaurants. The atmosphere, service and food were unique and top notch. 

This is the kind of restaurant worth leaving the Vegas strip for. The locals should cherish that they have such a restaurant.
The atmosphere was great.  The theme and the ambiance were nice.   The food?  Well?  While an average American can't tell the difference between a beet soup and a borscht,  a Russian most certainly can.  And while the chebureki and  the stuffed peppers looked like a miniature version of the real thing,  they were a pretty far cry from it.  The vareniki while needed more salt in them did taste pretty authentic.  If you want to get some idea of Russian food without going to urban.  This is the place for you.
Nice atmosphere, a little tight but cozy place. Happened to see this place show cased on Triple D (Food Network) so figured might as well give it a shot while I was in Vegas. Food is different but tastes great. Portions are a bit small and you may end up spending more than you'd like but it's a nice experience trying something different. Feta cheese fries were awesome. Not the kind of food you eat every day but you'll become a bit more cultured after experiencing. Give it a shot you won't be disappointed.
Recently stopped by here the last time I was in town after seeing it on DDD, and all I can say is what a welcomed and refreshing change of pace from the usual internationally-inspired restaurant. It really is an authentic European experience taking influences from a range of countries, many of which don't get represented much if at all in the states, and mashes them together into a melting pot of awesomeness.

The adjarski khachapurri, beef stroganoff, and beef and lamb confit were all excellent and seriously flavorful. They do the food right here, and some dishes take time to make. So relax, order a drink, and just enjoy the atmosphere of this place while your order is being prepared. The exceptionally good food, along with the friendly and attentive service, and funky-cool interior made it well worth the cab ride off the strip.
absolutely amazing as always. ive been coming in for about a year and the service food and drinks are always great. prices are fair but the owner will make u the best drinks u have ever had, not to mention her awesome paintings through out. 

well worth the visit.
If you claim to be a foodie you have to try this place.  The location of the restaurant is questionable but it makes it a neighborhood gem.  Ask you server what they recommend and enjoy being transported to Europe!

The service was fast and excellent.  Take a look at the beer selection as well.  Personally I recommend the Hungarian Goulash!
This is a great and totally unexpected surprise of a restaurant. When you go to it, it seems like a completely Spanish Tapas bar, which in fact it is mostly Eastern European. The food is so tasty and savory and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing. We had the cucumber salad, the bacon wrapped dates, and a sausage dish for our tapas and for our entrees we had the pelmeni and I had a traditional Bulgarian dish that was spectacular. They also have some pretty funky cocktails as well. Definitely coming back!
Because fellow Yelpers said so... Pulled up to Forte last night @ 7 and the place was near empty... Almost drove away, but what the heck at least have a beer. Enter to the delightful sounds of a solo guitar man strumming light soothing jazzy rock. Love the cafe atmosphere. The menu is so full of unfamiliar tasty gems to try that it will take several visits to enjoy them all. The gin martini was stiff:-) and properly chased with the cold recommended Bulgarian beer served in an artful ceramic euro mug, very nice. Delicate home made rustic euro bread and table olive oil drizzle add the 20-something-spice-mix dipping for starters. The soups (Solyanka & also Chicken) were delicious as was the lolly pop lamb chops, truffled salami small plate, and bacon wrapped dates stuffed with Marcona almonds... all in all, fantastic! Go figure, by the time we left the place was showing a much larger following, as it should be. See you soon Forte!
Ignore the dodgy location, as that is the only thing about this place that isn't A+. This isn't a place that mascarades as European cuisine, it truly has all the old world flavor, and you can taste the love that goes into each and every dish. 
They have a nice selection of artisan beers and you can even just sit at the bar(I've been known to do so). Every single waitress is so gracious and kind. 

Incidentally, I once had a friendly cab driver bring me home from the airport and as we passed Forte, I mentioned that it was a great place to eat. He said, "Yes, I know.... my wife is cook there". 
Vegas really is a small town.
A truly mixed bag...critics in LV love this place...in fact the last time I was there I saw two of them with their spouses...the food is eastern Europeon and really about three stars....so why the hype....the owner Nina is in her 20's and smokin' HOT with a personality to match- couple that with generous wine pours, a hip interior and the those meatballs known as our local restaurant critics rave about this place...so...I give it FOUR stars- HEY I love good wine pours and HOT women as much as the next guy- just don't expect to be blown away by the food....
I've been looking forward to dining here for over a year. Tonight was finally the night! I had a great time! The service was excellent, the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was great! We tried a variety of items going full tapas style. The stroganoff fries (a special) were delish, the goulash was very flavorful, the clay pot was interesting and good but I probably wouldn't get it again because I'm not a big fan of cooked bell pepper, the Serbian sausage platter was excellent- the sausage was like nothing I've ever had, flavorful but mellow and wonderfully fresh! The quality of food was great!

Also thought I would mention the live music. I really appreciated the fact that it was loud enough to enjoy but I could still carry a conversation with friends and hear what they were saying. Everything has character here from the people to the dishes and glassware! I will definitely go back!
We have dined here in the past, but this evening's visit was for the purpose of satisfying my wife's itch for a biscuit cake.  She refused to share so I ordered my own. These are honey biscuits with mascarpone cheese, chocolate, espresso and spiced rum.
Great music.... Sangria was money! I came just for some charcuterieand chz.... Got that and it was quite good... They brought me bread with it. Service was nice... Ambiance was hip and good... I really liked it and will be back... The shopping center is a bitbild and odd... But food and service was on the money... 4 stars for now... Looking to do better in future... But ill def be back.
Thanks to Guy for putting this place on Triple D! Forte has become our go-to restaurant when we're in Vegas. It's great for date night or an adult gathering, especially if you're a foodie....the kiddies probably wouldn't care for the food. 
You wouldn't expect this amazing place to be in this part of Vegas but it's great. Once you walk in you're immediately taken by the decor, upbeat music & incredible ambience. 
Once greeted by the friendly staff, or owner who is there often, you are brought scrumptious bread. You need to order a pitcher of Sangria! It's pretty delish, not too sweet but just right. 
We always order tapas here & highly recommend items from their specials menu. Last time we were there we had the Lamb Lollipops with Forte Fries...HOLY GOODNESS! Then we had the Artisian Characuterie Plate, also spectacular. It doesn't matter which dish you try, it's a great experience & you will be back for more. 
The decor in here is awesome. Love the bar area & it's also a great place to celebrate a birthday, they were preparig for one when we were there & it looked very festive. 
Can't wait to go back to Vegas for some more Forte!
The gf and I finally hit Forte - it's relatively close to our house ( about 2 miles ) but just now made it to the top of the "new try" list.

Went on a Tuesday night and the place had a decent crowd.  Quirky looking place and kinda strange lay-out of the tables but ok by us.  Servers were pleasant and attentive.  The gf was really focused on one of the servers hair style, " Should I get my hair like that?"  - must have asked me 4 times, hey !  I'm here to eat, not look at hair !

We avoided liquor since it was a weekday.  They provided a mini-loave of bread with olive oil and they recommended you add a special Bulgarian seasoning mix to the oil - the gf loved it - I also liked it though I felt she added to much of the herb mixture to the oil.

We ordered:

Beef Stroganoff Ragu ( $8 ) - Holy cow, the ragu was perfect !  the pasta shells were like little cups to hold the ragu - also very good but we wish they gave us more !

Chebureki ( $3.50 ) -two beef filled fried dumplings - basically a turnover.  perfectly fried, nice flaky crust, a little light on filling but what do you want for $3.50 ??

Bulgarian Mixed grill ( $10 ) - pork grilled three ways - two are sausage, one a patty.  Different seasoning and texture on all three .  came with a side of white beans and a salad similar to cole slaw but better - overall, an excellent plate of food !

Stuffed grape leaves( $5) - each one had a sausage in it.  I enjoyed but the gf prefers the middle eastern version that includes rice.

I wanted to avoid the sweets but I was being hounded so we ordered the rice pudding( I believe $4 ) and the biscuit cake ( $5).  The biscuit cake was very good - reminded us of tiramisu but the liquor flavor is lighter.  I'm not a rice pudding fan but I liked the generous amount of cinnamon on top of the pudding that gave it a nice kick.

a few pics attached

we'll definitely return
The decor and the atmosphere are great. This is a very Cousy bar, a place where you can bring your friends, enjoy a good drink and nice conversation.. 
The food is good, we ordered chorizo en vino and it was amazing!  My boyfriend ordered the Bulgaria goulash, which was a small but decent plate! We also tasted the hot pot, which had a very interesting flavor! Sausage, tomatoes, onion n eggs.. If you dont like eggs too much do not get it as this is the main ingredient! 
Overall the place is very interesting, you need to come and check it out for your self!
At first, I didn't think that this place was even open. It was located in a shopping center, but from the outside, appeared dark and shut down. I actually called just to make sure they were open.  They were, thankfully! The inside is..interesting! They've got twinkly lights hanging, music posters, and artwork. A musician was softly playing a variety of songs, mostly 80s and soft-rock hits. 

I started with the Ginger Lemonade, which I thought was great. Our server was nice enough, but didn't seem to know much about the menu.

The food was fine. I'm not super familiar with Eastern European food, and having eaten it, I don't think that it will be my favorite cuisine, but I'm glad that I had an opportunity to try it.  I enjoyed the bread stuffed with cheese and topped with egg (it really does cook in front of you!) as well as the potato dumplings. 

It is definitely an "off the beaten path" type of restaurant, and something different in Las Vegas. Worth a look if you're in the neighborhood and want to try European foods.
Why the heck did it take me so long to come here?  Forte was great!  Being open until 3am is a big plus.  Lisa R's terrific review finally persuaded us to check them out and we actually ran into her having dinner at one of the tables upfront!  It was fate :)

The vibe was really cool.  Definitely don't feel like you're in LV.  They had a one man band doing covers ranging from Depeche Mode to Nelly Furtado in a whole Casio keyboard meets karaoke with an eastern Europe flare that definitely enhanced the experience.

We surprisingly started with a complimentary order of the "Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates".  Apparently they made an extra plate by mistake and our waitress gave them to us on the house.  Most tapas joints execute a kind of stuffed date tapas well but the size of these dates were a lot bigger than normal and the jerez sherry reduction gave it a very unique flavor.  Thanks to the staff for that one.

Our favorite dish was the "Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta".  They were stuffed baby squids (squid in squid) that were marinated and served in their own ink on top of Spanish herb rice.  We were kind of surprised the squid was served cold but it actually worked with the hot rice.  100% getting a double order of this the next time since my lovely wife hogged most of it :P

The "Thracian Clay Pot" almost sounds like a nickname for a torture device in "Game of Thrones" but it was anything but that.  It's a Bulgarian specialty served piping hot served with veggies, sausage with a baked egg on top.  The broth was perfect for a chilly evening.  It defines comfort food.  Some might find the broth to be too sausagey but I was digging it.  We also had the "Bulgarian Mixed Grill" and both liked the kiufte best.  They could Americanize those babies and make them sliders! hahahaha 

We couldn't get enough of their table spice and put it on everything including the olive oil we dipped their amazing bread in.  I asked the server what the blend of spices were and she rattled off a whole list of things in it.  It was so good that I bought a bottle of their home blended spice before we left.

Their $20 bottles of wine rocked too!
In Las Vegas, many of the really interesting places to eat are overrated, overcrowded, and overpriced.  When I saw Forte featured on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," I was skeptical that the food could be as delicious as it looked and sounded.  But wow, I'm so glad I tried it and found out that I was totally wrong - this is excellent food and drink, in a lovely atmosphere with great service.

The location is definitely more for locals than Strip-visiting tourists, so I'm glad that we had rented a car (to spend our days at Red Rock Canyon and the Valley of Fire).  At first, it wasn't clear that they were open, because the windows are dark (an open sign would aid walk-in business), but we trudged through the patio area and went inside and were met with a gorgeous colorful interior!  It's a fun and eclectic space, I really loved the style.  (The men's room is particularly awesome, decorated in crazy Eastern European propaganda posters.  Or so I hear.)

The table bread was fantastic, especially dipped in oil with their hand-blended spice mix.  We could've eaten tons of it!  Everything on the menu and specials board was enticing, but we finally settled on a bunch of small plates: Adjarski Khachapurri (really fun dough boat, enjoyed the egg on top), Thracian clay pot (smaller than expected, everything inside was tasty), chebureki (dumplings so deliciously flaky and dill-y that we ordered a second round), kebabche (one of the sausages we saw on the show, as delicious as we'd hoped it would be), and the Bulgarian bean relish (refreshing, something I'm going to try to make at home).  I also got two tasty beverages - the angry ginger lemonade (delicious, not at all boozy) and a bloody mary made with their garden veggie-infused vodka (this was so amazing, I need to infuse my own vodkas immediately).  I was stuffed by the end of the meal and still longing to try more things!

The best part?  It was an incredibly affordable meal, especially for the quality and quantity.  You can easily eat a great meal, with drinks, for $25 per person.
Amazing food! Must check out! Service is excellent and try the shopska salad,
On a recent visit to Forte, it seemed like the staff was in way over their heads. Since this was my only experience here, I will give them a little bit of slack. The food we had was all solid. I cannot say the same about the drink menu. With there being a large jump in price from the house wine to the next selection, I opted for the house red. It tasted like Kool-Aid. I would have tried a second glass, but the aforementioned service prevented that from going down. The specialty drinks on the menu all looked like they would rot your teeth. Unfortunately, throwing sugary ingredients into a cocktail glass is a common trend these days, and Forte is no different. The atmosphere is charming and cozy. I may try Forte again and hope that the staff is less chaotic.
Great place! Yummi food!! The biscuit cake is delicious, save some room for it! Good staff and cozy atmosphere!
Can't miss here.  Everything is delicious and everyone that works here is kind and hospitable.  I don't live in Las Vegas, but sure gives me a few really compelling reasons to want to :)
First timers here. We went to Forte after seeing it on "Dinners, Drivers, & Dives." The place was quite small but it had a quaint atmosphere.  It was also pretty packed for a Friday night. It took a long time to get seated and even longer to place an order, which is understandable. 

We ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill, Calamares Rellanos En Su Tinta, Thracian Clay Pot (which our server addressed that it would take 20 minutes to make), and Baklava for dessert. The food was amazing. The mixed grill was an assortment of 3 types of sausages and pickled vegetables. The Calamares was squid with spanish fried rice. It was wonderful... but we never got the clay pot. It was 40 minutes after we placed our order. We had to flag down another server to let them know we never got the other half of our order and we'll just settle with the baklava. Our server said the clay pot never went through the system. I find that hard to believe considering one of the servers tried to serve the couple next to us who was seated around the same time as us the same clay pot (which they got earlier) and then the server went back. Thankfully, we weren't charged for the claypot and the baklava was comped. 

This sort of deterred our dining experience but we'll gladly eat here again, just not soon.
If you are staying on a LV strip your cab ride will be around $30 one way. If you know what the Russian food should taste like than you will be greatly dissapointed after visiting this place. My husband and I came here craving some Russian Solyanka soup and Pelmeni... ended up being nothing close to the real taste at all... this place didn't worth a $60 cab ride.
I really wanted to like Forte. A reasonably priced European tapas restaurant in Vegas, sounds amazing ! Unfortunately, the restaurant did not top more than 3 stars. 

First the service was sooooo slow. This is not a large restaurant, but it took our server over 20 minutes to bring a menu. We had to ask for drinks several times, and we had to ask for a second set of flatware 3 times. 

I started with a ginger lemonade cocktail served in a bronze mug. Delicious! This was the winner. Well worth my $8.

We ordered borscht, a cold beet and cabbage soup, a particular favorite from Eastern Europe and Russia; truffle mashed potatoes; and stroganoff. Each was good but not great. We followed up with the beef and lamb confit, and the star course of the night, lamb lollipop chops! 

I did not care for the size of the portions. Forte holds itself out as a tapas restaurant, but each of these dishes were large enough for a full course. Smaller dishes and smaller prices would be preferable, otherwise this is just an Eastern European/ Russian fusion restaurant and not a tapas place.

The atmosphere is nice and Forte makes for an interesting date spot. I look forward to trying Forte again and hopefully improving their 3 star rating.
This place is really cute. Love love love the decor. Very female oriented. Our waitress was adorbs and super sweet. I wasn't eating much but the table bread was delicious they have some yummy spice combo you add to the olive oil that is really good flavor I've never had before. We had the clay pot with egg. Egg was over cooked and that kind of ruined it, but I've never had Bulgarian food so maybe it's supposed to be that way? Grape leaves were good delicious dill sauce. We can't remember the other dish we had so it wasn't very memorable. Very laid back vibe is what we liked most. The beer selection was interesting and you get a hobbit mug for them. Moscow mule was really good. They infuse their own vodka with ginger. Family friendly. Bought a bottle of wine to go it was disgusting.... From Spain. So don't get that.
We went on Friday night and we're able to get a table despite not having reservations. FYI reservations are recommended for Friday and Saturday nights.  Great date night atmosphere ..dark cozy and comfortable.  There was also live music which was great because it wasn't ridiculously loud - you could still carry on your conversations.  I had a delicious cocktail that came in a copper mug - can't remember the name of it - it had ginger infused vodka, lime and ..? We'll worth the eight dollars.  Home made bread was excellent - the olive oil was top quality - reminded me of the olive oil that you get in Greece.  The feta cheese pastry was like a dessert.  The meat dumplings were good they were very meaty -almost games which I wasn't I the mood for at the time but they were delicious regardless.  Bacon wrapped Marcona almond stuffed dates were yummy and the biscuit cake dessert was as delicious As it sounds.
The best little hole in the wall in Vegas!

Came here with a group of girlfriends from work, one being from Russia. We had made a reservation ahead of time, for which I was glad. At 7 pm, the place was pretty packed, but began clearing out a bit around 8 pm. 

Here's what was on our table:

Adjarski Khachapurri - giant boat bread with soft cheese and a cracked egg. This was amazing. The flavor wasn't overdone and it was fresh out of the oven!

Beef Strogannoff Ragu - we all know what this is and it was awesome

Vereniki and Pelmeni - two different types of dumplings with sour cream. They were not overly greasy and paired with the sour cream...amazing!.

We ordered some of their signature house drinks and a bottle of wine. 

I have to give the food 5 stars. It was so nice to go to a place where the tapas wasn't pre-made and sitting under heat lamps getting greasy and dried out (*cough* Firefly *cough*). The food was not overly seasoned to cover up the lack of quality...like a lot of places do. The vegetables and fresh seasonings (scallions, parsley, etc.) served with each dish really complimented the home cooking and quality ingredients. 

The service was slow, but due to everything being fresh out of the oven, it was more than acceptable. Plus, in Euro culture, you take your time to eat and talk. Why is everyone in such a hurry?! We stayed here for over 4 hours listening to the live music and chatting away. It was a really nice atmosphere, and we all left happy.
We had stuffed grape leaves, mixed grill, chorizo in red wine, stroganoff, and the fried dough in honey--all delish!!
delicious, unique, great tapas spot.  Chicken kabob was amazing! Make a reservation or go early because it is a little small.
Amazing flavors! Try the KGB martini, its very flavorful. The threcian claypot is supurb! All of their dishes can be served for any meal of the day!
Any place that sells something called the sausage party gets at least two stars from me without even having to have gone in. It gets a third star because the food was actually good, but on top of that my plate had what looked to be a fist sized side of pure butter on my plate.

4th and 5th star for the wait staff, all the chicks are uber hot. I accidentally knocked over some oil and our waitress leaned over to clean it up, giving me a free show. That earned her a $20 tip.

Will definitely be back!!
At some point I saw the DDD episode featuring this place, and immediately bookmarked it upon moving to LV. I'll admit, I was saving it for a day when I needed to take out the BF to get some extra brownie points: he's from Russia and loves to find cafes to have the food when it's cooked well. Knowing this place would blow him away, I saved it for precisely the right moment.

We went in and immediately fell in love with the interior décor and atmosphere- there was a musician in the corner singing covers of easy-listening hits, small mismatched tables and chairs arranged in cozy groups, and little trinkets sprinkled everywhere. I belatedly noticed the chalkboard specials in the entry area after we'd already ordered, but it gave me several ideas for what to order next time.

BEEF STROGANOFF RAGU ON PELMINI: BF said this was the best stroganoff he's ever had, and he grew up eating it in Russia and has had the dish more times than most Americans have had spaghetti and meatballs. Dumplings were great (though few, the order comes with 4 so it's shareable but only barely), loved that they weren't overcooked as they have been elsewhere we've ordered them. The mushroom ragout though was what really made the dish, and we made sure to scoop up what remained using the crusty homemade bread.
KHACHAPURRI:  Georgian bread dish with cheese and egg; really rich and seems more like a breakfast or lunch dish than a dinner one to me, but something worth trying if you've never had it before. 
CHEBUREKI: a two-piece order for a good price,  good to add on and try. They're fried beef dumplings, similar in size and shape to a large potsticker, topped with green onion and dill. The dill especially really complements the filling, you'll want to pinch up extra from around the plate. 
THRACIAN CLAY POT: a small-looking portion served in the clay pot it's made in, the dish is composed of tomato, egg, sausage, peppers, feta, and onion. Reminiscent of shakshuka, and best eaten with some of the homemade bread.
BISCUIT CAKE: a take on tiramisu, super moist and flavorful with just the right amount of chocolate to make it sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Slightly disappointed that I did not taste the Lavazza espresso at all.


We've already decided to make this place a regular date night stop. So glad Ive finally found a place we'll go to regularly for eastern European food.
Everything on the menu looked terrific...choices between Bulgarian, Hungarian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Greek and I think Romanian. Went with 2 local friends who recommended it and was the best eastern European restaurant I have been in in the USA.. We shared the Bulgarian Mixed Grille (Kiufte, Kebabche and Loukaniko), Adjarski Khachapurri..spelling?) and Thracian Clay pot. Everytime I visit Vegas now I will eat here., DELICIOUS!  10+ service by 2 very, very sweet Bulgarian ladies and the bread with their oil dip (their own spice concoction which I bought a bottle of) was sooooo good., I love this place.
First time diner at forte. My brother and I and our two friends were in Vegas and wanted to get something to eat for lunch. Since we have a real penchant for trying new, exotic, and interesting places, we thought we'd try out forte; Eastern European seemed to fit the bill. We tried several dishes and shared them all. I must say, it is a rare instance when we do this and have every dish get a thumbs up but, in this case, it happened. We loved every dish we had, right down to the delicious biscuit cake for desert. Four guys with very divergent tastes, who tried 7 different dishes, each gave this place an enthusiastic thumbs up. We will be back.
We originally discovered Forte on an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives featuring their Thracian Clay Pot-we immediately fell in love and make it ourselves almost weekly. If you haven't seen it...check it out their traditional Bulgarian dish here: http://www.barforte.com/ 

When we found ourselves in Vegas a few months later, we decided we needed to try it in person despite
a)being about a 20 minute drive from the strip
b) being located in a strip mall....not my ideal locale for a nice dinner. 

The two of us arrived without a reservation, which wasn't a problem at our time of arrival for a Saturday evening. There is a small outdoor fenced in patio area, but we opted to sit inside instead. The place is seriously cute. Great, cheeky décor, mismatched tables, clusters of seating, a bar area, fun wine cellar, chalkboard walls with specials, etc. We were brought fresh, warm, house baked bread in a turquoise colander with our menus. The bread is accompanied by their own spices and oils. Water is served in old fashioned vodka bottles with seriously awesome labeling. 

Our server was the absolute sweetest (and absolutely gorgeous!) and we put our Thracian Clay Pot order in right away-they take about 25-30 minutes. ($9.99 but we got it on some happy hour special for just $6!)

We ordered the stuffed sweet peppers to start-and WOW, we were surprised. They were delicious with the yogurt dill sauce and we scraped up the last of it with our warm bread. ($6.95)

We also tried the lamb lollipop fries ($9.99) which were a special for that night. The lamb chops were on a bed of amazing fries and gravy sauce. 

We tried the Pelmeni beef dumplings which were also good.

We had the Adjurski Khachapurri-the only thing I wouldn't give a 5 star. It is a bread dish in the shape of a boat stuffed with pickled Bulgarian cheese and topped with a cracked egg. This menu item is listed as "finished table side" although all she really did was break up the over easy egg and mix it. This was a good dish, but much more suitable for breakfast or brunch, rather than dinner. 

We tried traditional Bulgarian beer, Argentinian wine (Gascon!), and even the Moscow mule-house infused ginger vodka, limes, and ginger beer in a copper mug. One of my favorites!

The best part is that Forte is extremely affordable. For two people who ordered 5 items and 5 drinks total, our bill was around $60-unheard of!

Get off the strip and check this place out!
They open at 5 pm have live music starting around 8 pm.
A definite favorite of our trip!
I wasn't crazy about this place. I went after it was featured on one of Guy Fierri's shows a couple of years ago and remember not being impressed. Fast forward to 2014. . . fool me twice.  We ordered the *octopus, *beef stroganoff fries, *Chartreuse platter and *lamb lolipops. $49.00 later we are still hungry and not impressed. We were the only ones eating lunch there on a Friday afternoon at 12pm. Hmmm. ... 

PROS: The interior is awesome
             
CONS: Small portions - big prices
It all began 2 weeks ago, when dining at Forte for the 4th time.  We twice requested a change of music-- a loud, constant drone of a musician on the same note--but were told it can't happen because the owner makes the decision & she's not here.  The service that nite was spotty, despite their wait staff (as  usual) being in abundance.  And otherwise, the food was very good.

Since we had made plans w/friends for a 1st time at Forte, we four arrived at 6:30 on Sat. 7/20.  It was crowded & the same music was playing.  This time, despite plenty of wait staff (& owner present), we waited over one (1) hour, and so did most everyone there.  A customer setting up for her friend's B.D. party w/balloons, told me they had requested the food be ready when 25 arrived for this celebration & was upset that at 8:00 when they began arriving, it was nowhere in sight.

To make matters worse:  Forte was out of a favorite beer, out of meatballs & out of the Polish sausage platter w/potatoes.  One friend rec'd. the wrong tapa plate.  One friend's goulash had an amazing amount of salt & was not edible.  My partner never rec'd. his coffee.  The staff did not handle any of this with aplomb, and by 7:30 most of us were uncomfortable because it seemed the A/C wasn't working.

Due to our complaining, espec. the hungrier we became, Forte picked  up our tab.  

This foodie has been called a glutton, but never a glutton for punishment !

K I K I
After many visits here I am thrilled to discover many delicious dishes from several regions around the world, along with a darn tasty spice blend, great atmosphere, and excellent service.

Everyone starts with house-made bread, the Bulgarian spice mix and olive oil.  The spice blend (15 herbs and spices) is for sale in cute jars for $6 each.  This is a great gift for friends or for yourself!  I have even used these spices to coat raw cashews (using coconut oil) which make for a great snack!

I have successfully shared the joy of Forte with friends, family, and other visitors alike, from vegetarian to carnivore.  Last night I learned that Forte could make Eric R. a fan of octopus, which he never enjoyed before.  My friends have really enjoyed the sausages made in house, but since I don't eat pork I am not able to tell you how they taste.

Dishes I have tried:
Shopska Salad: basic salad covered in shredded Bulgarian feta.  Tasty but simple.

Fetamelon Salad: special in spring 2014. Huge portion of watermelon squares, Bulgarian feta, mint, and chopped red onion.  Very refreshing but needs people for sharing!

Calamares Rellenos en su Tinto: Stuffed squid marinated in its own ink on Spanish herb rice. Room temperate squid, tasty and different.

Octopus in Olive Oil: super tender octopous on top of warm rice with green onions, served with lemon.  Truly outstanding though simple, converted a non-octopus eater.

Beef and Lamb Confit: beef and lamb that melts in the mouth cooked in its own juices and fat on top of the Uzbeki Plov rice - I ordered the rice dish separately once with a veg friend but just get it here.  The meat juices coat the rice, which has dried cranberry and cornichons.  Love this dish!

Adjarski Khachapurri: bread boat with cheese topped with raw egg at table that cooks on the bread because it is so hot.  This is very delicious but hard to split, so at most 2 people should share one or it loses the fun.  Sooooo delicious.

Thracian Clay Pot: Peppers, tomato, onion, feta, and egg baked together (with sausage typically but I ordered one without, no problem).  Served in a beautiful traditional pot, though all serveware is Bulgarian.  This is topped with a serrano pepper for some nice heat!

Stuffed grape leaves: meat-filled and served warm with a delicious dill yogurt sauce.  Dip the homemade bread in the sauce after the dolmas are gone!

Beef stroganoff ragu: wild mushroom dumplings topped with a beef strogranoff ragu is one of Eric R.'s faves (he loves stroganoff in general).  Very rich sauce.

Vareniki: my favorite simple housemade dumplings stuffed with potato, topped with fried diced onions.  So good it converted 2 non-potato eaters!

Biscuit cake: dessert for David S.'s birthday.  Honey biscuits, mascarpone, walnuts, chocolate - tasty!  I would rather eat more savory food than sweets though if I had the option! :)

There is more for me to try but I never leave without flavors dancing in my palate.
Thanks DDD for bringing this restaurant into the spotlight! It has old-warm charm and delicious food that keeps bringing me back.

The bread and olive oil is a great starter; the fries with feta are delish, but I love the crusty pastry with the egg and cheese filling best-Adjarski Khachapurri. It's like the most wonderful personal fondue.

Oddly enough- the truffled mashed potatoes are also out of this world.

The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the charred onions on the pierogis- I love onions but these were a little too burnt each time I ordered the dish.
This is primarily a Bulgarian restaurant though menu items include tapas and entrees from much of eastern Europe.  We started off by sharing a Mediterranean salad  - tomatoes, cukes, olives, peppers, basil, parsley, mint and a drizzle of Spanish olive oil. Our first entree was the Thracin Clay Pot - a Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta cheese, charcuterie and egg.  Our second entree was Hungarian Goulash over mashed potatoes.  To wash down this feast, we ordered small (who knew?) glasses of Zagorka beer that were flat.  My wife was unable to restrain herself so we closed out the meal with a biscuit cake (similar to tiramisu).  Standouts were the goulash and biscuit cake though everything except the beer was very good.
5 of us met again to try a new restaurant and try different food.  I have had Forte bookmarked for about 2 years but I never seemed to think of this place.  

We were seated at two high top tables right as you come in the door.  While we were looking at the menu and talking about other things, we were approached for our order.  We asked her to wait awhile as we kept studying what we wanted.

We were soon brought some bread.  They were large round puffs larger and flatter than a doughnut.  There was olive oil on the table and we pulled pieces off the bread to dip in the oil.  It was good.

Our things started coming out.  The first plate was a shared Spanish "nacho" platter.  It consisted of some chips with thin chorizo slices and topped with a tasty truffle salsa.

We were brought two orders of meat pies that were also good.  Next came a dish stuffed baby squid served over Spanish herb rice.  

We also ordered each of their specialty breads--a feta cheese stuffed filo dough round and Adjarski Khachapurri, described as traditional Georgian boat shaped bread filled with two types of Georgian styled pickled cheeses and a cracked egg mixed on top (after our photos).  Both were good breads.  It was difficult cutting the Georgian bread with the egg but we managed to mangle it enough that everyone got a chance to try some.  The filo round was easy.  All we had to do was pull a piece of the roll off and dip it in the sour cream if we wanted.  The bread was brought straight from the oven because it was extremely hot.

We had two orders of almond stuffed bacon wrapped dates with a sherry reduction.  The dates were OK but I thought they were cooked a bit too much.

Next came some Easter or spring lamb with some mashed potatoes and some salad.  I didn't think the lamb had much of the lamb flavor I was expecting and it was in a dark sauce.  I guess I'm too used to having lamb rare and not done in a stew manner.  It was extremely tender.

We closed out this part of lunch with the Thracian clay pot described on the menu as a "traditional Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta, Bulgarian style charcuterie, and egg baked in a Bulgarian clay pot.  For me, this was the stand out of our lunch.  it had lots of flavor.  I used some of the spice on the table to give it some extra flavor.  On the table was a spice boat with a small wooden spoon.  The woman told us that it was a mixture of 40 spices with cumin, garlic, salt, and.....  We didn't ask her to continue.

Then dessert was ordered.  We got some baklava and their biscuit cake.  The biscuit cake was the star!  The menu describes it as "decadent cake layered with honey biscuits, mascarpone, rich chocolate, Lavazza espresso, and a kick of spiced rum topped with walnuts and more chocolate.  Need I write any more?  The baklava was not like I'm used to in how it's made but it was OK.

I thought the food was pretty good.  I wanted to give the place more stars but the part that held me back was the service.  We had asked at the start not to bring all the dishes out but they just kept coming--not all at once--but close enough together that there wasn't a chance to rest a bit between tastings.  The number of plates and fitting them on our two tables became a bit of an issue.  Instead of giving us clean plates periodically, we had the same ones until the main courses were completed.  We got clean plates for dessert.  We also had to ask twice to get more water.  For such a small place with two servers at least, things should have been done better.  

I might go back to try one of the other main dishes.  And of course, getting some more biscuit cake should always be foremost in my mind.

As always, good company made lunch a much better time!
Items Selected:
Thick Pita - served with olive oil
Spanish chorizo chips con salsa tartufada
Chebureki - Georgian style deep fried beef dumplings
Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates wrapped in bacon and topped with Jerez Sherry Reduction
Calamares rellenos en su tinta - stuffed baby squid marinated and served in their own ink over Spanish herb rice
Adjarski Khachapurri - Georgian boat shaped bread filled with picked cheese and a cracked egg
Bulgarian Easter lamb with spring salad, arugula mashed potatoes, lamb jus
Sofiiska baniza - Feta cheese rolled in hand made phyllo dough and baked
Thracian Clay Pot - Bulgarian-style charcuterie, egg, tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta baked in a clay pot
Biscuit Cake - honey biscuits, mascarpone, chocolate, Lavazza Espresso, spiced rum, walnuts
Baklava - Walnuts and lemon honey syrup

Literally hidden by a gated patio in a strip-mall on Rainbow but featured in numerous publications as well as 'Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins" Forte European Tapas had been of interest to me even before moving to Las Vegas and recently opting to open its full menu for lunch a visit was planned - six persons cramming into a small high-top near the front door for a multi-course meal marred by hassled service and uneven culinary techniques throughout.  Small in size and kitsch in décor with heavy woods accented by posters, graffiti, and Christmas lights as American pop played overhead it was less than sixty-seconds after the final member of our party arrived that orders were requested and having twice deferred only to be given the first of two strainers of warm bread a somewhat rushed order was placed with a request for items to be appropriately paced - a concept that, along with beverage refills, proved as foreign as the food with the table soon overburdened and serviceware for sharing few and far between.  Opting for specials and staples from diverse regions including Spain, Greece, and nations of the former Soviet Union it was with oddly 'truffled' store-bought potato chips mixed with dry chorizo that our tasting began and rolling next into the duo of oily Chebureki and overcooked dates propped up by an outstanding sherry reduction it was with good fortune that the meal would soon improve, the tender whole squid restuffed with their tentacles and cooked in ink subtly sweet over aromatic rice.  Left precious seconds to digest and discuss a second wave of food soon smothered the table once more and finding far more success than round one both of the breads proved superlative with big flavor and a pleasant degree of grassy funk that I only wish had been present in the tender but flavorless lamb, a 'special' by title only and completely forgotten compared to the bombastic mélange of meat, cheese, and vegetal aromatics contained in the clay pot.  At this point sated but happy to finish with something sweet, two-parts each of baklava and biscuit cake rounded out the afternoon with the former benefitted not by lemon nor liberally applied simple syrup while the latter proved exquisite; a delicate balance of crunch and cream with mild sweetness harkening tiramisu but dressed up with honey and nuts that were perhaps stolen from the baklava and used here to better effect.
If you saw Forte on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives just know it is everything you would hope it is. Do not leave Vegas without visiting Forte.
The food was really good, but the service was pretty terrible.  We'll go back again for a second try.  The Bulgarian mixed grill was awesome.  The beef and lamb confit was spectacular.  I also enjoyed the dates wrapped in bacon.  the prices are very reasonable.  Atmosphere a little loud and it's more of a bar than a restaurant.  The food was so great that I am willing to overlook any of the other issues.  The biscuit cake was sort of like terramisu and tasted really good.
I was invited along with a group of a friend's friends... and I had eaten earlier in the evening, so I wasn't in full restaurant exploration mode, but still, even from the few things I nibbled on, I was impressed and am looking forward to a return trip.

Highlights for me were the Adjarski Khachapurri and stroganoff, though I didn't snag a bite of anything that was less than tasty.

Also, I was enchanted by the painted glass my cocktail arrived in, it was deemed instagram worthy! After checking out their website, it seems it was painted by the owner herself, which between that and her "punking" of Guy Fieri (also viewable on the website) leads me to believe she's a pretty neat lady.

Can't wait to go back with an empty stomach and an eager dining companion.
I arrived at Forte with high expectations after reading all the rave reviews from Yelpers I admire. The seating we chose wasn't the best, since the chairs weren't comfortable and the table too high. What we won't sacrifice for good lighting for our food pictures. 

With a semi-large group of diners, we were able to sample a good number of menu items. We started with the house pita bread, which I didn't love. A little on the doughy side for my taste. We decided on a good sampling from the options on the menu and waited with anticipation. 

As others have noted, the timing of our food didn't come out as spaced out as we would have liked and refills came only after a few reminders, I still enjoyed quite a bit about our meal here. 

My favorites from lunch were the Calamares rellenos en su tinta, Thracian clay pot, sofiiska baniza, Chebureki and Adjarski khachapurri. I would return for any of these menu items in a heartbeat. My least favorite parts of the meal were the sugary sweet and drippy baklava, the overcooked and overly sweet almond stuffed dates and uninventive and incrediby generic-tasting Spanish chorizo chips. The Bulgarian lamb was just ok, I can't see myself ordering this again and the biscuit cake, although a favorite at our table was a little too dense and sweet-tasting for my particular palate. 

I was on the fence on how many stars to give Forte, debating between 3 and 4 stars. Based on the number of items we ordered, I notice that the ones I didn't like outnumbered those that I did enjoy, but I would return to enjoy those few items I loved alone.
I've never really eaten European food before, but after seeing this featured on TV me and my bf wanted to give it a try. We were so pleased with the food and we will definitely come back again
The mix grill is phenomanal, has to try! Lutenitza with feta is also a must from the appetizers. Home made bread with olive oil and traditional spice mix. I'm loosing my mind. This place is unbelievable. If you are going to Vegas you MUST stop to try it at least once !!!!!!!
Really good unique dishes and friendly staff. Very cozy inside too. I went with a friend and ordered several items from the menu. Everything was great.
Went here again while on a business trip. I dropped a star because, although the food is tasty and exotic, the serving sizes are too small for the price. Didn't really notice last time cuz we ordered multiple items and shared family style. I would still say that I haven't eaten anything I haven't liked yet.
The Russian food was great. I got the borscht soup and pelmenis. The pelmenis were similar to the ones I've had made by a Russian friend of mine. The mixed drinks were good but a bit on the weak side. Servers were nice. Service was a bit slow but it had a nice ambiance so it was nice to just sit and drink. Will go back and try some of the other specialty items.
Best hole in the wall in Vegas I have found. Great Beer, Great Service, and Great Food.

This is a must stop! My favorite item was the lentil soup which was super flavorful and creamy. The beer the server recommended was one of the best lagers I have ever had.

For desert we ordered this tiramisu wannabe dish that was super delicious.
I must have tried half the menu on my visit to Forte. It felt like every single dish was better than the last. The charcuterie plate, stuffed sweet peppers, and stroganoff ragu were all over the top. Service is excellent, atmosphere is fun and intimate, and all at a great value. Would love to go back when they have live music. A gem.
I was out with my 13 year old son and we were hungry.  I was in an unknown area so I turned to yelp.  One of the top ranked spots was a Bulgarian restaurant named Forte that I had just seen on Guy Fieri's DDD...so we gave it a try.

Don't let the plaza keep you from trying this place.  It's in a predominantly Hispanic plaza anchored by a Mexican market.  My son thought I was joking when I pulled in.  However, the restaurant inside was quite nice.  It felt like a funky restaurant that you would find in San Francisco.  Cool colors, cool posters, and a good mix of deep house music playing on the speakers.  

Once we walked in we were greeted by some beautiful servers in tight black striped dresses.  Behind the bar was the even more beautiful owner that I saw on TV.  She was charming and I told her that we were there because the show.  

We sat down and our server (I think her name was Nataliya) brought us a loaf of homemade bread and water in a recycled bottle of vodka.  She instructed us to dip the bread in olive oil with an optional mix of Bulgarian spices.  Delicious.  

We happened to be there in the last hour of happy hour so I ordered their Angry Lemonade (delicious cocktail with lemon juice, mint, vodka, and a sprig of rosemary).   They serve this in an attractive copper mug.  

My son ordered a sprite but the nice touch was the carafe of sprite that they left for refills.  

As I said, we were hungry so we ordered the Bulgarian mixed grill, garlic fries, Serrano & Arugula pizza, and Gambas Al Ajillo (delicious shrimp sautéed with garlic, white wine, and other herbs).   

I was a little disappointed that the fries came first, but they were delicious.  They looked like McDonald's fries covered with herbs and garlic.  Only $5.

The shrimp came next and these were unbelievable.  It was so good that we immediately ordered another.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the white wine sauce was so good that we asked for another loaf of bread so we could dip it.  Only $7.

The pizza was mediocre.  Generous amount of Serrano and arugula...possibly too generous because it was a bit salty.  The texture made it tough to eat.  I don't think it was cooked long enough.  The dough was soft and the pizza was a bit runny.  We are less than half of this and took the rest home.  

The mixed grill was as delicious as we saw on TV.  Homemade sausages grilled with an delicious bean relish and this tomato sauce.   Only $11 for this plate.  Wow!!

Service was excellent.  The food was delicious and very reasonable.  The ambience was hip.  This is clearly a restaurant that is well-run with attentive owner-operators.  

We will be back with the rest of the family.  I would return to the bar for the beautiful servers.  They were hot!!
Every time I go here I am impressed.  From the helpful and cheerful staff to the amazing foods and homemade alcohol infusions to the live music and eclectic people watching.  I have enjoyed every single item I have tried off the menu and that has been ample in the many visits, it's just done right every time.  I look forward to friends and family visiting the area because this is always a stop I look forward to making with them!
Wow- a pleasant surprise.  I got in to Vegas late one night and managed to miss lunch and dinner on my way.  So, I was pretty hungry by the time I got to Forte late at night.

I got the stroganoff fries and the mixed grill.  The fries were great and the mixed grill was quite satisfying.  It comes with a number of side sauces and salads that I can't identify but were very tasty.  

This location is in a strip mall but the inside is very cool and comfortable.  Prices are very reasonable compared to the high quality of food.  I would definitely come back!

The atmosphere is very relaxed and I would definitely come back here with friends.
I'd seen Forte a million times, its in the same strip mall as two of the stores I shop at frequently.  The other night, my fella and I took a walk up to La Bonita, and decided that we would have date night at Forte on Saturday night.

We arrived at about 9:00pm, and walked in, not really knowing if they were open or not, as there were two people out on their patio, but there wasn't an "open" sign or anything.

Luckily, they were still open, and the kitchen was working until 10 pm.  
We were seated, and one of the girls brought over two glasses and water...in an old vodka bottle!  How fun. 

We were given some bread with Bulgarian spices and olive oil...this was delicious. the bread was crispy on the outside, and super soft on the inside...I really need to learn to make bread like this!!

We chose:
Marcona Almond Stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon: These were tasty.  Granted, I was comparing them to the other tapas place that shall not be named and has been shut down, because THOSE were always amazing...I found these to be not quite on par, but still enjoyable.  

Gambas Al Ajillo: Shrimp sauteed with garlic, white wine and spanish olive oil.  This was good, but a little disappointing in the size.  $6.99 for 5 TINY shrimp.  Now, the flavor was good.  Really good actually...so good we took the bread and sopped up the "sauce" that was left over.  But...at $1.40 per shrimp, I want the shrimp to be a little bigger, even if there aren't as many.  I would have been fine with 4 larger shrimp, not even jumbo.  

Lamb Ragu served over polenta:  I wish I remembered all the details of this special (not on their regular menu)...there was this cheese that they served over it...oh my stars it was delicious. I'm picky about lamb, and this was cooked very well.  There were a few pieces that seemed a little fatty for my taste, but all in all, this was a good dish.  I enjoyed the polenta, never having had it before, and thought that it worked really well with the lamb and herbs.  A winner.

We also have a glass of refreshing sangria.  At $5 a glass or $23 for a pitcher, this was a good choice.  We only had a glass a piece, but I would definitely drink it again. 

Service was friendly, but a little slow.  It took a while for someone to come take our order, and to bring the check, but the food came out in a timely fashion, and we were really not in a hurry, so it wasn't awful.  I'd honestly like to either have the servers speak up just a touch, or turn the music down a little...it wasn't overly loud by any means, but one of the girls that was taking care of us was very soft spoken, so it was hard to hear her over the music.

I love the decor.  It fits very will with the name:  Forte, in musical terms, means "loud or strong."   The decor itself is very loud, and very artsy.  They also had a guitar player/singer who played some soft dining music while we were there.  That was fun.

All in all, I really enjoyed my visit to Forte.  I definitely plan to go back and try some more things from the menu, and maybe have a mojito next time!
I absolutely love this place! The Easter lamb, the Kachapurri, Thracian clay pot are favorites. Great wine selection and cool atmosphere. This is one of my regular places and has been for the last year. Highly recommended!
Bomb food don't know much about Eastern Europe but I know they eat damn tasty viddles. Clay pot was so good worth the wait both the Serbian and Bulgarian mixed grill are must try's.
We had been here on two occasions and were ok with the experience and food.  Service was always slow they seemed under staffed but the flavors and food seemed worth the wait.  So much so, that we invited friends to join us for an early Saturday evening meal.  When we arrived the hostess was visibly upset we were there and said, "You have reservation?"  We said no and that if there were fully booked that was ok we could go elsewhere.  We weren't upset just confused the place had only one couple sitting there and it was 4:30pm.  We assumed maybe they were expecting a large party.  The hostess asked another girl about seating us and both rolled their eyes and acted like they were doing us a favor finding a table.  No greeting, no customer service, just attitude.  It was disappointing.  I get it, it's a European feel and they were on the Food Channel, but don't let it go to your heads folks, this is Vegas and there are plenty of fish in the sea so to speak.  If this was all that occurred I would have been more generous with my rating but it got worse.  We ordered simple items, lentil soups and salads that took 45 - 60 minutes to arrive.  My only item, lentil soup came 30 minutes after everyone else was served.  When we asked the hostess who was now our waitress about the wait on the soup she said it was on its way then waited 20 more minutes.  The soup arrived and tasted ok but wasn't as good as previous times.  It tasted a little strange but after the wait I was starving.  Later on our way home I felt sick and spent the better part of the my night in the bathroom.  The entire time we were there the place never had more than a few tables of people, so we never figured out what the challenge was with seating our small group of 5.

If you alright waiting an excessive amount of time for simple food, being disrespected by staff who present as having a chip on their shoulder, and spending your night sick to your stomach, enjoy Forte; otherwise I would recommend many of the other dining establishments in our fair city that value one's patronage and health.

If this were my hot spot, I would be looking in to hiring staff that value customers and ensure my staff prepare and serve my food in a timely manner.  After your location is on TV people have a certain expectation for service and if that is not met because you fail to have a consistent deliverable your establishment will not remain viable in our market.
I can't say enough good things about Forte. Went there tonight with my wife.  We both thought the food was great, service was great and the price of the meal was so reasonable.  Our waiter answered questions, made thoughtful recommendations, and was attentive to our needs.  We shared the bacon wrapped dates, a great cucumber, tomato feta salad, the clay pot dish and assortment of Bulgarian sausage.  The food was perfectly seasoned and very tasty.  It is well worth the cab ride to get off the strip and have a great ethnic meal.  Our whole meal only cost $35 and was just right for two.  We well definitely return when we are in Vegas and recommend it to friends and family.
Ambience, excellent food quality, and cheerful staff.  We arrive at 7:30 on Wed. night to be greeted with a smile and seated immediately with our reservation in a restaurant that was about half full.   First they bring out their homemade bread, to die for, with olive oil and Hungarian spices.  My wife and I are not big bread eaters, but this was sensational.


Like many others, I discovered them on triple D with Fieri.  So many things on the menu look great, but we went with the two highlighted on the show, the mixed grill and the Thracian clay pot.  If you are a pork lover ,this is your place!  All three items on the mixed Grill are prepared differently with unique taste and all were exceptional.  The clay pot with feta cheese, tomato peppers and more sliced pork covered with a baked egg was unbelievably good. The feta cheese took on a flavor I've never had and the tomato was cooked down to be cut with spoon but still have body and flavor.  We cleaned both plates.

At that point I asked for the check as we were trying to make a late show. In passing, my wife said it was my birthday. The hostess would not let us leave without boxing up a dessert to take with us. At no charge!  What an unexpected pleasure and it too was delicious later that night in our room!

You have to have an open mind for this is not your standard fare, but if you're willing to try something out of your comfort zone, it is well worth it!
I really liked this place.  It felt like we were in Eastern Europe.  The only thing missing was a hint of Drakkar Noir in the air.

We had the following items:
---  Cheese plate:  Four cheeses paired with pureed fruit and nuts.  
---  Mixed olive plate - just OK, got to be a bit much
---  Chorizo con vino - this was my favorite
---  Vareniki - dumplings - also very good

The service was quite good and I really loved the atmosphere.  There are a lot more items on the menu I'd like to try.

Give Forte a try if you want to have a unique (for Las Vegas) dining experience.